Hello freaks,
flux going on.
This episode of the Joe Rogan experience podcast is brought to you by
Squarespace.
And if you've heard the podcast before,
you've heard us talk about it before,
but in a nutshell,
as simple as we can put it,
it's the easiest way to make a website.
You could do it on your own and actually make a bad ass website.
Even if you are technologically challenged like myself,
it's just super simple.
They have it down to like a sort of a point and click type of scenario and they
have so much confidence in it that they allow you to use it without actually
paying for it.
The idea is like they're,
they're so confident that it makes a bad ass website.
They'll allow you to make your website and then go,
you know what,
this is pretty bad ass.
And then you give them your credit card information and then you actually buy
it.
Um,
so,
uh,
if you're interested in getting a website made and you don't have the funds to
hire someone to do it,
you honestly can do a professional job with this,
including setting up your own online store,
which used to be like very,
very difficult to do.
They also have 24,
seven very fast,
uh,
email support.
If you fuck up,
if you panic,
you can't figure it out,
how to do it.
And once you're done,
it'll work on everything and work on an Ipad,
works on android device.
It's a pretty fucking sweet set up.
Use the code Joe and the number nine and save 20% for a limited time.
So that's squarespace.com.
Use the offer code Joe Nine.
And uh,
it's pretty dope ass,
dope ass,
bad ass.
Cool.
Insert whatever cool adjective you would like.
It's um,
it's excellent.
We enjoy it very much so.
So squarespace.com and the code is Joe and the number nine all together as one
word.
We're also brought to you by [inaudible] Dot Com o.
N N.
I.
T.
Um,
if you haven't been there in a while and,
um,
you haven't seen the primal bells that we've added.
Uh,
we have these,
um,
I got the dude's name and I,
I never had it before,
so I'm,
I must,
uh,
recite homeboy's name here.
Give me one second here to find it.
Um,
these primal bells are these kettle bells that we had designed by an artist.
his name is fuck is this.
They are really cool.
I just want to give him,
just depend on my bookshelf or something like that.
Scare people and go like,
well,
I don't think there's caring.
Anyway,
his name is Steven Shubin junior and uh,
he's a bad ass artist and he did a really cool champ,
a really cool gorilla and now an orangutan.
And uh,
the rank ten one is a kind of special because five bucks out of every purchase
goes to a fund foundation that's trying to save orangutans,
orangutans or,
uh,
they're in danger of extinction as are,
I think pretty much all primates that are out in the wild these days.
It's tough times out there for primates that aren't as smart as us.
They added the pounds,
but they still kept the,
kept the pool.
They just won't,
they won't let go the pool.
But now at least it'll tell you.
So,
uh,
the gorilla,
72 pounds,
he running in tanks 54 pounds and the,
the chimp is 36 pounds.
If you've never done any kind of weights or any kind of exercise before,
if you're like,
you know what,
I gotta do something about this body,
I would suggest start very light.
Do not try to be a hero when you do these exercises.
If you can.
I would also suggest hire a trainer to show you how to do it properly.
And if you can,
if he allows you to videotape the session so that you can sort of check the most
important thing when you're doing anything physical is your form and making sure
you don't get hurt for no reason.
You will feel so stupid if you get hurt.
And if you get hurt where you could avoid it.
And I've done it,
trust me.
But the big thing is if you do get hurt,
it takes a long time to heal.
It takes months and you know,
and then you're going to get fat again and then you're going to be mad at
yourself.
All of that can be avoided.
So go to [inaudible] Dot Com o.
N n I t checkout the new primal kettle bells.
Uh,
we have some,
if you,
if you've,
especially if you've got a little experience in using kettlebells,
we have some amazing DVDs by this guy,
Keith Webber,
extreme kettlebell cardio workout.
We have all sorts of shit for what we call total human optimization,
including supplements,
battle ropes,
medicine balls,
shit like that.
Mine.
Use the code.
Deem Rogan,
save yourself 10% off any and all supplements.
All right,
Mack lethal here.
Her stop fucking around.
Hit The music.
Let's rock this bitch
experience.
[inaudible]
my friend.
Welcome.
Thank you man.
It's an honor to be here.
I read per author all around.
Cool Guy,
video maker,
all sorts of shit.
Motherfucker,
dude,
Jujitsu practitioner that's above.
How long have you been doing that?
Uh,
I'm going on my third year.
Are you enjoying it?
Loving it.
So that's cool.
What's Jim give a shout out to?
Jenny,
Kansas City Brazilian Jujitsu,
which is,
uh,
under the hand Natto Tavares Association and run by black belt,
Jason Birch.
And then HD MMA,
which is run by Jason.
Hi.
Who just want to fight,
uh,
last week.
Jesse,
you have sounds to dude,
man,
Dad,
uh,
Kansas City is really fucking,
that's a cool town.
It's like one of the underrated cool town.
Very much so.
In fact,
uh,
the New York Post did an article on the top 10 places in the world that are
underrated and it was number three because it's number one.
Uh,
Istanbul,
Turkey.
Get the fuck Outta here.
That's ridiculous.
Kansas City should be number one.
I America by default should get 50 extra points.
I agree.
Yeah.
Why?
Cause I'm rude because I'm a rude American.
Amazing Barbecue was,
they're friendly people.
A lot of fountains.
There's a lot of culture there.
Jazz,
the barbecue is huge.
He watched an episode of Anthony Bourdain's show.
Where did he go?
Do you remember?
I don't remember this in a gas station.
Um,
I think one of them was Oklahoma Joe's.
It's one of the most famous one.
Very famous kill us in TV cause this is kind of freaking me out.
It's almost like too much to the left.
Too much distraction is that again,
it's a four K it's a four K TV.
It's like four times the resolution of a 10 80 HD TV.
And uh,
yeah they're,
they're,
they have a code for if you want to get a 50 inch t just type in Joe
rogan@fourkspecial.com and they get for $999.
Beautiful.
This,
if you haven't seen it,
they just send it to us and we don't know how to use it yet.
So it just plays this one four k loop that they have this uh,
amazing loop of high definition moving images.
But it's all like Japanese girls in nature and it's like,
it's too much short attention span from my add brain and I fucking,
I fucking jot down.
I agree.
That last episode that we did the whole time,
I just found myself staring off into space.
It was freaking me out.
I love the fact that four k shit is becoming consumer stuff though because once
the camera's getting in the hands of the people,
we're going to be able to make our own fucking feature length films that look
like the Shit at the movie theater.
There's a weird thing that happens with video as opposed to film that all a lot
of people don't like and that it makes you see everything.
You see the background,
you see the foreground like it's not like it's a weird kind of quality to
watching it and people go,
oh it makes it look fake,
but honestly film looks fake.
Yeah,
that looks like real life.
Right?
Like that video thing.
It looks like we're just not used to that and four k and that kind of shit is
going to be like super duper high definition detail and galaxy note three has
four k they just announced it.
It comes out in like two weeks or,
yeah,
we were just talking about that.
Weren't we talking about that on the podcast yet?
But we're going to be able to just go to like a show film shit and put it on
that TV hearted.
Do it off of a phone.
Yeah.
That's ridiculous.
Insane.
That's one problem with apple man.
They're fucking slack and they're so far behind when it comes to screen size,
like we're testing out new screen sizes.
What does it,
2009 you fuck heads.
Are you crazy?
Yeah.
They just jumped up.
They should have jumped on all of this four k all this like a letting allowing
Samsung and the companies like this to come out with this kind of mind blowing
shit.
Wayne advanced the style actually they had us,
they had a fucking big thing that you would carry around with a stylist way back
in the nineties do you remember that?
Yeah.
What was that called?
Like the Apple Queef or something.
It was something really dumb like tier,
I think it had like a name.
It wasn't like a Macintosh,
but like something along those lines and it was a,
it was like they had a stylist.
Newton.
Yeah.
Can you draw on it too?
When I first came to Hollywood,
I was walking around with this executive,
um,
he,
uh,
was showing me around Disney and he had one of those bad boys and he was so
happy with it and I was like,
this is so awkward.
Like you came that around,
but it was pretty dope.
It was pretty star Trek.
I was like,
oh,
that's it right there.
And apparently it hooked up to a keyboard and a stylist or you could attach a
keyboard to it somehow or another fucking insane.
Yeah.
Those are probably worth money today or oh yeah.
I think that it goes for like thousands,
thousands of dollars.
Wow.
For like just geeks who love him,
like framed up in their house smelling them.
I would just smell it for an hour.
Do I have to like hide this logo?
No,
no wheat,
that stuff.
That Coco Cafe,
they sent it to us.
Oh good.
They're bad ass.
It's the c two o and coconut cafe.
Those guys.
Okay.
Coco cafe.
Coco cafe is dope because it's got,
um,
a little bit of notice.
There's a rapper here.
I've started to use wrap colloquium.
Nope.
What did you like your like Quentin Tarantino and black.
Exactly.
Have you ever seen some of that?
What Quentin Tarantino talking to black people?
No.
Oh my goodness.
What is it?
A youtube thing?
Ah,
yes.
Quentin Tarantino,
who is my favorite director and nine to him,
he's my favorite artist.
I mean really bottom line artists.
I'm not shitting on him in any way,
shape or form,
but he's,
he's obviously a crazy person and that's okay.
Most of my best friends are crazy,
but his crazy manifests itself in the fact that some sort of a strange
chameleon,
like I heard him on the Howard stern show and he almost sounded like he was gay.
It's weird.
It's like a feminine,
and this is not saying that Howard's cab,
I never would insult how Bridgestone ever,
but he sounded like almost a feminine.
And then you hear him on the Jamie Foxx show and all of a sudden he was plaque
and I was like,
this is really weird because he's hanging out with Jamie Foxx doing radio with
Jamie Foxx and he's talking so black,
like so ridiculous.
Well,
this is,
I'm going to show you an example.
Oh,
it's
really uncomfortable.
We're going to have
to get like something we can show the contrast quoted movies in Hollywood were
just hanging out with this black guy.
What is the most famous like Yo,
your favorite line from pop fiction?
Uh,
I think probably the most famous line is I'm going to get moody,
but Uis
big says it gets me that's way crazier.
Your fans or pleasing the critics for you?
Oh,
interesting question actually.
um,
he like almost fucking it up.
I want to,
I want to please my fans.
I don't want to please the critics that I'm a fans,
uh,
the critics,
EMA fans,
I don't give a damn.
I mean,
he's making shit fine.
It's insanity where he would quit if you see him
do other interviews where he talks to regular media people like on CNN or Fox
News and none of us ever,
well he almost broke character at first.
He,
he kinda,
he was kinda getting into his gay voice and then he went,
oh,
it dropped it a little deeper.
Well,
I think a guy who's that good at making movies,
he's that good at capturing human drama.
Right.
He must be just like a sponge,
you know,
so she just fits in the mirror and just goes through a Rolodex of characters.
Probably shouldn't be.
Yeah.
Or a better guy looked at.
It's hard for him to differentiate between,
you know,
who he is and who he's talking to.
Didn't he grow up in ingle in Inglewood,
right?
Yeah.
He grew up in,
in the hood.
Why knowledge.
And his thing was when
he was younger,
there was a movie theater,
which he now owns and I believe it's in Inglewood and part of the,
like a rundown part of Inglewood and all he did,
his mom would just send him to the theater and all he did was watch
blaxploitation films when he was like six years old over and over.
So they just played Kung Fu movies and blaxploitation films at this theater.
And that's all he did.
And that's why he,
he like has cooperated that kind of style.
And it's,
it's very fascinating how he kind of regurgitates it into his films.
But he relates,
he on a very deep level relates to black people.
I believe.
I believe it.
And [inaudible] name is Jerome and pretend I'm not criticizing him.
I was obviously goofing on him,
but I,
I completely understand that it is probably the very particular type of
weirdness that you get by being so,
uh,
so like in tune to other people's behavior.
It's almost like you can't differentiate between himself and who he's talking
to.
He's talking to someone,
he becomes like them.
Right.
You know,
it's weird.
Well,
there might be like,
it might even be a mechanism for him to process emotions or something like,
if that makes sense.
Like maybe there was like a certain character in some of these old
blaxploitation films that when he would talk a certain way,
he felt like he could convey what he was feeling.
So he might adopt that in order to do that himself.
Right?
Like it's almost like when he's talking to Howard Stern,
like he was being like very submissive,
submissive to the king,
you know,
and then he was talking to Jamie Foxx is let them know dog,
I'm one of the brothers boy.
So,
um,
you know,
whatever it is that makes him,
that guy,
you know,
also makes him do that.
But I'm really concerned about him quitting though because,
well,
he recently stated that the way that they display films and movie theaters now
as quote unquote television in public because they don't show film anymore.
It's just all digital.
And he says he did not sign up to do this and he's considering fucking quitting,
just walking on the whole thing,
which would be terrible.
That would be a devastating blow to all of us.
And I don't even think people grasp that.
That's interesting.
So he,
the medium is very important to him.
Not just he still,
he films and film.
I mean that's,
he uses tons of film,
refuses to switch over,
refuses to adapt.
That's how we came up.
And they let them do it because they have to because people see his movies
still.
I would wonder why,
what that a,
what the reasoning is
film.
It's a lot cheaper.
I did,
but that was more expensive.
It was now,
but now digital is cheaper.
Really?
Yeah.
Armeen w wait films more cheaper because no one's using it.
So it's cheaper too.
But isn't it still very expensive to digitize all the film and go through that
arduous process of on the foot yet?
You would think so,
right?
As soon as it has to be.
Yeah.
I don't know.
We had Davey on,
uh,
he's doing,
he did a,
he used to be on that show that I did and he's,
they did something with phones.
Yeah.
And he did something with that Vice.
He did a short film that was in a,
a Sundance and
they said that they used film because it was cheaper to film on nowadays than
using like a really high end digital camera.
That's interesting.
Yeah.
Well I,
like we were saying like,
it definitely looks different.
Like if you film like you could make a cool film was like really good actors,
but to do it on like one of those regular VHS cameras.
Oh yeah.
Fuck.
Even if you had good angles,
it would look too weird.
It would look too Mexican soap opera.
You know,
it's a weird thing that's very difficult to describe when you watch like a
Mexican soap opera.
I don't watch many of those,
but I will say that you like,
you want that kind of glossy film look,
it just,
it conveys a different message.
I don't know,
like the,
those consumer cam quarters,
they're just,
you know,
everybody had one when they were a kid and they tried to make fucking short
films like me and my friends did,
and they just looked like shit.
You could never quite capture the life that you wanted to.
Also a weird thing that it's kind of been established that visual quality,
the visual quality of film.
It's like what we'd go to expect when we sit in a movie theater where I want to
see a film.
Right now I'm getting into watching a lot of older movies lately,
like a,
I watched the Steve McQueen movie lamonds the other day.
I never seen the Monza.
Oh Man.
It's a,
it's really interesting because it's almost like a snapshot of the time.
It's not just a film.
It's almost like it's a film that shows you how people lived back then,
like how they walked around and acted.
Because a lot of the movie,
like the first 10 minutes of the movie has no dialogue,
at least 10 minutes.
What's the,
like,
what's the setup of the movie where it's about race car drivers?
Steve McQueen's a race car driver and there's another dude,
I don't want to say that.
I can't commit to saying I've seen it,
but it sounds more familiar now.
I couldn't finish it.
I watched it for a little while.
A lot of old films are hard to fucking finish,
man.
I give up on them.
Like I try to always be cool and be like,
oh,
I'm going to watch you know,
this fucking old 1972 French movie and then I pop it in and it's just do it five
minutes in asleep.
I mean there's something to be said about modern stem.
It was a little better,
you know?
Yeah.
There's some interesting shit that was done.
Like,
uh,
I remember enjoying who's afraid of Virginia Woolf,
which is uh,
basically all I think all takes place in one house.
You know,
it's just a conversation between a bunch of people and um,
that's like some old shit.
The Hustler,
I'll still watch the hustle of the hustler.
I'll still watch that watch you end.
Right.
That's a good one though because I like billiards as well.
[inaudible] and watching that that all take place and like how many hours do
they play for the,
on the first fucking where there the first confrontation?
Like three days or something like that.
It's like almost two days.
It's just,
there's something epic about it,
but it's,
it's,
that's a good one.
And a lot of those Paul Newman films are exceptions like Hud.
That's another one I like.
Cool Hand Luke.
That's another one.
That was early one was a bad mother fucker.
Very bad motherfucker.
He Salad.
He was barely made any lemons.
Really?
Yeah.
I mean,
think about the shitty movies at Paul Newman made.
I,
I really can't.
I can't come up with one and I can't come up with,
I don't,
I'm not familiar enough with his entire catalog.
I remember still loaned.
Did that comedy movie with his mother.
Oh,
it was a momma from the train.
Yeah,
I know.
That was another one.
No,
no,
no.
This was,
um,
what was it called?
A,
this is going to drive me fucking nuts.
Um,
oh.
And where's it at?
The same woman that was in golden girls that played the old woman,
but she had her brown hair.
Oh,
this is going to drive me nuts.
I don't know your Old Lady Trivia question.
How do you know that?
I don't know.
It seems like a reminder.
Yeah,
we'll let's just look up Stallone.
Stallone.
What's it like costs?
Uh,
Oscar.
It was,
it was Oscar.
Oscar was one.
Let's see.
That's the one that I'm thinking of.
Yeah.
Well he definitely had one called Oscar.
That's not the one I was thinking you were thinking of fuckers momma from the
train,
but it wasn't throw momma from trying to throw my arms for train.
Was that old gross lady from like Goonies or something like that?
Yeah.
Oh the that or my mom will shoot stop or my mom will shoot.
Okay.
So he did two comedies in a row.
He did Oscar and then he did stop or my mom will shoot.
That's how retarded people were in the nineties so like,
you know what,
forget all these great comedians we have.
We need to get stood alone up there.
They just kept giving him money.
My Old Lady Trivia,
look at this.
It was the old lady,
Estelle Getty from golden girls with brown hair.
That's so crazy.
And look at him.
He's like,
Ma can't believe we are doing,
what are you doing?
Mild that gun can't even leave you alone for a second.
Look at the look on his face,
man.
Oh
I can't believe this.
Look a little my gone look.
A big yours is
sign.
I think.
Has it been confirmed or or like,
like completely confirmed that he actually started out doing porn cause that's a
real,
yeah,
no,
he did a movie you did like,
what was it like?
Oh,
so it was softcore.
Yeah,
so he wasn't like laying pipe on film or anything.
So it might've been,
might've been laying pipe,
but I'm pretty sure they didn't show it.
If he was,
I think it was like an angle thing.
Okay.
And they wanted to sell it to them for $1 million.
It was like,
well let me give you 10 cents a piece of shit.
Well it's got a garden.
He's like five,
two and then he,
no he's not,
he's not.
Everybody says that.
Everybody said,
people always say that about Tom Cruise.
I'm I matched alone.
Maybe he had some shit in his shoes but I'm five eight and he was taller than
me.
He was calling me.
I thought he had to stand on a unleased forum in rocky.
That's the other rumor that when he fought Apollo creed,
they had him stand on a platform.
You know,
I don't think Carl weathers is very tall.
Really?
No,
they there couldn't have had them stand on a platform because then you would see
his feet because he was in a cage.
But I as far as I mean a a ring rather to my knowledge they allowed in those
shots are from the waist up because Carl weathers is six.
Two is listed that he's six two and Stallone was,
if I had to guess,
I would say five 11 five,
10 dudes where lifts in their shoes.
You never know.
Right.
You know,
and they're a website called how tall is still out or is that,
how tall is the low?
What a web,
how many hits they get a day.
There was like a,
how tall is Arnold and Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Dot.
One of them either Stallone,
Tom Cruise or on Arnold Schwarzenegger has a website dedicated to finding out
exactly how tall they are.
Probably Tom Cruise because Tom Cruise,
when he did that movie with Brad Pitt did have like a setup where he was like on
an elevated floor,
whereas they would walk their path.
Yeah.
Well he played,
uh,
and I don't think that was necessary,
but in his mind the character had to be commensurate with Brad Pitt's character.
Right.
You know,
Brad Pitt's character was tall interview with the vampire.
Yeah.
Which was,
you know,
I thought like the best role he ever played when he was fucking amazing.
And Tom Tom Cruise or Brad Pitt,
Tom Cruise,
he fucking nailed it.
I mean,
he's a great actor.
He might do a lot of cheese movies,
but it's got mother [inaudible],
he's got some good ones.
I really liked eyes wide shut.
I,
I'm one of the few fans of that movie.
Is there 10 pictures of Tom Cruise being tall?
Like where they've had them like on like,
you know,
so yeah.
Appears total understand that why the appears tall.
They have him appearing tall.
He's five seven.
She's actually five eight and he's still taller than her almost.
Yeah,
but how do they know how to is 5 cent?
How do they know that that's,
that's not,
he's not actually taller.
Yeah.
But see
I don't budge.
I don't either.
I think this is bullshit.
I got to be,
don't go back to the one would go back to the one was filled.
It was with college humor.
Phillip Seymour Hoffman is like six three six.
But that he wasn't even in that one sense.
Yeah,
because he was,
and this guy's Paris cause it's,
no,
it's cause it's mission impossible.
He wasn't this guy that's Oh one was a joke when it disguises Phillip Seymour
Hoffman.
Yeah.
That was a mass that you've never seen any of the mission impossibles with Tom.
They're rough.
Yeah.
I love to watch,
when you see a guy like Phillips,
he hoffmore in and you're like,
man,
I really suck shit.
He does too much of that shit,
man.
And he doesn't fucking half too.
I bet he does,
but he's got a mortgage.
You know,
you want to go see the movies,
they want to put him in every movie at this point.
I mean there's not a fucking movie where he doesn't have some sort of weird role
method actory role.
You know,
he's awesome.
He's the best.
He played Truman Capote,
Ian,
he's fucking,
he's six two and Truman Capote.
He was like five,
five wasn't real and he spent as far,
as far as I know,
he spent I think like a year and a half and never broke character.
And his real life always talked like Truman Capote's that's so gross.
It's fucking,
those people needed to help.
Daniel Day Lewis sleeping outside when he made last of the Mohicans.
You slept in a fucking 10.
I don't know if that helped us performance,
but whatever.
Yet.
Daniel Day Lewis was a boxer for a whole year for when he played that a Irish,
the IRA guy,
and he was a boxer.
He looked like rather good and that's really good.
Yeah,
it was really good.
Yeah.
I think he looked like he was the best as far as actors portraying boxers.
It was the most accurate like non boxer is trying to cross over and like not
Marky mark or fucking Sylvester Stallone or anybody like yeah we'll get,
they say that Marky mark has some professional boxing experience but right.
There's a,
there's a,
there's a way that people throw punches when no one's ever punched them.
Right.
And there's a way that people throw punches when they've actually known how to
box and they're totally different.
The way that people throw punches when they,
they not worried about being punched back.
They have this open wide,
I'm fucking going to kill bill.
Where as if you watched Daniel Day Lewis,
he put through punches like a boxer getting punched.
Exactly.
Looking for openings is guard when tight.
Some like intense sparring point.
Oh he did.
He lived as a boxer for like a year.
Dude.
He's fucking nuts.
So you can so easily like getting like wake up at four in the morning and John
[inaudible] and it was an excellent,
I don't think anybody really drinks I eggs anymore cause that's just another
thing that was just out.
I think you could get,
you get really sick.
Yeah.
You can get fucking salmonella from it,
right Simon?
I think.
Yeah,
you can do it.
Yeah.
There's a lot of fucking weird shit and eating raw animal flesh.
It's not a good idea.
Yeah.
Can you get trick analysis?
No,
that's only from predators,
right?
Are Scavengers.
It's Vegan cheese.
Good for you.
I had a lot of vegan cheese the other day and it did not digest right.
Like it really fucked me up.
Depends on who's making it and what they're using to make it with.
I think a lot of them when you have vegan cheese on things,
they use that.
Um,
what is it called?
Yeast
nutritional yeast.
I think it's called,
but I heard that stuff's not very good for you.
Yeah,
it came out like fireballs,
like undigested fireballs,
a blob.
It was like astro.
Well,
the rest of the best,
uh,
cheese for you,
apparently the easiest digest is non homogenized pasteurized cheese that you get
in Europe.
They have a completely different kind of cheese because they don't have to
pasteurize and the [inaudible] their milk.
So if you have cheese,
it's made with a raw milk.
It's like,
it's got a lot of different enzymes and different qualities to it.
Apparently it tastes a lot better too.
Yeah.
Everything I'm gonna fucking cheese of stuff or no,
we were talking about Daniel Day Lewis eggs.
Yeah.
You can't trick analysis.
And he's a weird one trick analysis.
A 90% of all cases of tricking osis come from people eating bear meat.
I don't know what,
what,
what is tricky though?
Because I don't know what that chicken house,
this is what they always worry,
you always worry about getting from pork and it's uh,
I've had tricky noses.
You have it was traveler's diarrhea,
is that that the same thing or,
I don't think so.
I was on my ass for like a week and a half.
It was fucking awful.
I hate a bratwurst and was,
I'm not like exaggerating traveler's diarrhea.
See if it's chicken houses,
because if it is,
I've had it and it's fucking miserable.
Digifit to go on pedialyte and like just when I was after,
after actually I got to the point where I checked myself into the hospital and
they put me in an ivy because I was so on fluid.
Dude,
no exaggeration.
I would go to the bathroom a hundred times a day.
I mean it got to the point where I would just stay in there because my body was
trying to push it out.
I've been there,
but now for a week it was four days,
so fucking gnarly,
man.
It was terrible.
Terrible.
I had to get like this very sensitive aloe vera toilet paper because I was just
fraud.
Here's what it is.
Td or traveler's diarrhea.
You have TD.
Oh,
thank God you abbreviated it.
I would have been offended by the word diarrhea.
So the most common illness affecting travelers each year between 20 to 50% of
international travelers and estimated 10 million persons develop diarrhea.
The onset of TD usually occurs within the first week of travel,
but blah,
blah,
blah.
High risks.
As nations are developing countries,
Latin America,
Africa,
the Middle East and Asia and funny,
the Middle East,
they call it developing country.
Is this from water or is this from the like the meat that they uh,
or her.
Y'All show,
I'll show.
It doesn't really say here.
You still use toilet paper.
I just use wet wipes.
Toilet paper to flush those wet wipes.
I do
clog up your toilet.
I know we've talked about this,
but I've been doing it for like 10 years,
seven years.
The other thing is I travel and tour a lot so I don't,
I can never think to get him.
I always forget them if I,
if I do,
I mean I like him.
I get it.
You got to throw them away and not flush them.
They feel much better.
I mean if you're in a hotel and you don't give a fuck in,
you want to be an asshole,
flush them.
But trust me,
dude,
they're going to come back to haunt you or whoever he owns your house.
That's the real problem.
If you don't own your house,
you're like,
who cares?
Damage the plumbing in your house on it.
Like no,
not necessarily with all these stinky butt wipes it next to your toilet.
It's like a little cat litter box for you.
That's what it is.
It's a little box for you.
Lord have mercy.
Um,
I have a bad day.
Oh,
I cleaned my but like a gentleman so I could probably put a garden hose in
there.
I'm going to install one of those a day toilets here.
I know you have one.
I just have to bring it in to what causes traveler's diarrhea.
Diarrhea.
Okay.
Infectious agents are the primary cause.
Bacterial and end tow pathogens.
Cause approximately 80% of the diseases of the cases,
most common causative agent isolated in countries surveyed has been and to row
oxygenic Asher,
a Shia Kolai.
Hmm.
Type of Kolai.
Yeah.
Fuck those little assholes.
It's not fun.
I'm sure.
So how'd they get rid of it?
They gave me is down the pipe.
Yeah,
they gave me some medicine and it and it cleared it out.
But the Jack Your your intestinal flora for like a long time but I don't know.
What do you mean?
Um,
when you,
uh,
look healthy people have a certain amount of like see this shit.
I drink Kombucha.
You ever had any of us know?
I've seen it.
So it's a probiotic drink and it actually has live organisms that you're
digesting and a live organisms like I'm just in much in the same way that yogurt
has acid awfulness,
which is milk culture cultures.
When you have live bacteria that you ingest or probiotics,
it actually helps fight off diseases and helps,
uh,
it can actually regulate your mood.
It makes your,
your immune system far stronger.
Really?
Yeah.
They say that the acidophilus bacteria that the staff was flora rather actually
fights off.
Like when you contact like something with your hands,
the acidophilus flora is an aggressive flora and it's on your skin and it
actually will keep other things from infecting you as easily.
Do you think that's the next raw egg though?
Like in like 10 years are going to be like,
yeah,
he was drinking bacteria for awhile while yeah,
I mean,
no,
no.
Because your body's filled with bacteria.
That's your whole body.
Your body needs bacteria for everything needs bacteria for digestion.
These bacteria to,
I mean it's,
you're you,
you're an,
you're an entire ecosystem of bacteria.
There's more eco lie living in your gut than they've ever been people ever.
And you have to have that.
Not only do you have to have that,
you have to have a,
a series of different kinds of bacteria inside of you.
So when you take antibiotics,
if you take antibiotics on a long scale,
like if you take like some hardcore shit,
they tell you,
you always take acidophilus when you were recovering from that,
they want you to take in healthy bacteria and try to repopulate your gut.
Like we have this I isolated idea of the human body that it's just a one,
but it's,
it's an ecosystem.
Like your body relies on a bunch of different shit to stay alive in you.
A fucking Louie.
It's kind of weird.
Yeah,
it's very weird.
But this stuff's big.
This,
this a Kombucha and that regulates the intestinal flora.
Again,
sick man.
It's incredible how well it works.
Keep me from getting sick.
I travel a lot and I almost never get sick.
Yeah,
so do,
I mean I found that just washing my hands and taking multivitamins keeps me from
getting sick.
That's a big one.
Washing the hands.
The hands are the worst man because you,
you shake so many people's hands as I'm sure you do with your fans and stuff and
you don't want to be a dick.
And then the worst is if you rubbed your iron,
knows you're fucked.
Well,
I also think it's good for your immune system is shaped that many people's
hands.
I think you can get all that bacteria cause your immune system something to do.
I think your body gets used to being around other people.
They've,
they've shown that people who grow up in households where the parents are like
really obsessed with cleaning those,
those kids a lot of times develop allergies easier than kids who grew up in a
house with like two cats and two dogs.
And as usual folks have done no testing any of these theories,
but I'm throwing out and they make sense to me.
I think that it's true because there's a lot,
I'm not sure if you've done your own research.
There's a lot of third world countries that are below the equator that have a
lot of people that are infected with hookworms and none of them have asthma or
allergies.
And there was a guy that had this debilitating asthma and he did a research on
it and found that hookworms if you're infected by hookworms will prevent asthma.
And he went to Malawi and walked through a fucking latrine and tried to infect
himself with hookworms,
got infected and it cured his asthma and then he tried to start a company
selling fucking hookworms to people you can watch.
This was on this American life.
It's one of the craziest things I've ever heard is hilarious and he,
he got shut down.
He's not able to do it.
You can totally fucking Google is,
I don't remember the negative aspects of having hookworm in your body.
I'm not really sure.
I'm not,
I mean I don't know.
Is most people in third world countries just have them.
It's they just,
yeah,
they're infected by them.
But what you're saying is true because allergies and asthma aren't present in a
lot of those countries.
Like you can't find asthma and in certain parts of South America and Africa,
we went to Cameroon.
That's right.
Cameroon.
Wow,
that's fascinating.
But it totally makes sense.
It totally makes,
it really is a whole ecosystem.
You came around the issue and you need those antibodies and you need all that
bacteria.
Yeah,
we've overstepped analyzed our country.
Yeah.
Yeah,
we certainly have.
And you know,
people worried about their kids touching things and you really need to touch
things.
You know,
you need to get your body out there.
I love that George Carlin bit where he talks about how we used to swim and shit
and that's why he never got sick because they swim in the Hudson,
the Hudson swam in raw sewage and shit,
so they never got sick.
Yeah.
That's an amazing thing about New York.
If you go around New York and like if,
especially if you're in a helicopter or anything,
when you get to look down and see the water or look over the bridge,
it's dirty as fuck.
I mean,
and no one is trying to fix it.
No one is saying like,
we,
what we really need to do is make this water crystal clear so our children can
swim in it.
They're like,
it's never going to happen.
Ooh.
It's fucking terrible for it.
I mean,
I'm sure someone does crazy kids,
but it's really bad for you.
Apparently there's parts of Brooklyn where more oil has spilled off of Brooklyn,
then the Exxon Valdez,
let me,
let me pull that up.
Brooklyn,
because it was a,
an article that I was reading a about yachters
toxic water.
I think it was a vice thing.
MMM.
Sounds like something they would want to brag about though,
is I don't think it's a brag thing.
It was a,
I can't find it.
That whole picture looks disturbing.
Isn't that?
That's,
this is a hookworms face.
Yeah.
They leave their evil as fuck.
They look like something from the movie alien.
Yeah.
Okay.
Here it is.
His name was Jasper Lawrence and he's,
he uh,
infected himself with hookworms to treat severe allergies.
This is in the fucking news and it worked and it completely worked.
So he tried to start a company and the,
uh,
the FDA shut them down.
That's so crazy.
Yeah.
Wow.
The FDA classified his kits as pharmaceuticals,
told him he was under
investigation.
He then fled the United States.
Apparently though people that purchased the hookworms that came from his body
were having trouble administering them cause they would try to inject them into
their veins.
It was the only way to administer them.
Sorry.
It was so nasty.
Yeah.
We had just put it in your butt hole.
We had this infectious disease expert on,
um,
the,
uh,
Joe Rogan questions.
Everything's show and he told me that people in,
when you come to like tropical countries,
I said,
everybody has something.
Everybody is infected with something.
He was explaining all these different diseases that were not exactly sure about,
like when they talk about toxo plasma and different parasites and all these
different things that he's like 100% of the people that live in these places are
infected with something.
There's no way to avoid it.
It's fucking nuts.
He's like,
that's the reality of being a human being in a tropical climate.
And I was like,
wow.
Like you can't get away from something there.
You just exist with it.
Just because of the climate is so conducive to incubating all,
all the bacteria and wonder.
I don't know.
You know?
I mean,
I'm sure that's part of it.
I'm sure also it's gotta be part of it that some of this stuff is passed on
through mother and son and mother and daughter.
I would have assumed some of it,
you know?
I don't know.
I don't know how that works.
Do they?
I mean,
do do like things like pathogens,
they,
that they get passed on.
I have no children.
Yeah,
I imagine so.
I have no idea where it fucking jungle diseases and shit.
Terrifying.
Man.
I'm scared of the fucking jungle.
But whenever you get hot,
when you get hot and moist,
you what you get is competition.
The reason why the jungle so fucking scares cause there's so much life and when
you get at any place that has condensed life and uh,
just complete isolation from human,
like influence,
like no,
no one's going in there and the building shopping malls and there's no roads
everywhere.
And you know,
trees aren't getting default there.
They're cutting down trees to log.
But what is,
what is Forrest is forest.
Jungle is jungle.
There might be killing the jungle,
but once you actually get into the jungle,
the amount of competition in that chunk goes insane.
There's fucking ants killing everything they have.
I asked that March an army so strong can hear them walking.
They have all sorts of different army ants and poisonous and incredible amounts
of toxic spiders,
snakes.
And then there's of course there's Jaguars.
It's this incredibly dense.
Oh it's crazy.
Yeah.
Well you're dealing with the in the rain forest is incredibly dense life like
everything,
insect life,
reptile life,
animal life,
all of it like coalescing together.
And you just have an immense,
immense amount of competition.
When you have an immense amount of competition,
you're going to have diseases,
you're going to have problems,
you're going to have,
you know,
the amount of moisture there,
that heat,
the carcasses are going to rot and just,
you know,
all the,
all the things that feed off of carcasses and the diseases,
infectious,
airborne,
Dah,
Dah in the water,
blah,
blah.
I mean,
they have fucking,
they have parasites at swim up your,
I've
heard about that.
Yeah,
and bite the shit out of you.
You have to cover the head of your cock when you piss because they're attracted
to urine and they find when you're in the water,
if you try to pee in the water,
they fucking swim up stream.
They find your piss whim up through it.
So they,
they,
they sense your piss and they go after.
Exactly.
And They'd go up Your pee hole.
What's the fish?
There's a fish that has human teeth.
Have you seen this,
this and they,
they will bite your testicles off.
Of course there will.
Yeah.
You ever seen that shit to fucking fit?
They have a human fucking teeth man.
They look very human like,
yeah,
it's fucking crazy.
There was a monkey in a zoo.
Uh,
it was it in China that ripped off some babies balls,
man.
Ripped off eight months old testicles balls.
And this is a fucking country monkey.
It was just a piece that he could grab and Yank off.
He probably is already yanked off people's balls.
So is that real?
Yeah,
that's real.
That's so strange.
You can find one.
There's one where it actually shows them there.
Yeah.
Look,
if those teeth are better than some comics,
I know.
Look at the roof of his mouth that has multiple layers.
Oh,
that's so freaky.
They have found these in lakes in Illinois because these were native to
Massachusetts.
What is the,
uh,
what's the fish called?
It's a p.
What is it begins with a p.
Uh,
that's so weird.
Look at that photo.
That's so fucking weird.
Worst blow job ever.
Or best or best.
Yeah.
Oh,
creeps.
What does it call it?
What is it?
Uh,
on,
I want to say it's like a pico fish.
Sheep shed sheep said,
I don't think the sheep's head.
Yeah,
that's what I said.
Yeah.
That's a sheep said it's awesome.
Convict fish.
I guess there's probably more than one fish that has.
Oh,
totally.
Yeah.
I guess you see that volcano that they found in the middle of the Pacific Packer
Fish Taco I think is related to the [inaudible].
Okay.
I think it's like a cousin of the Purana.
Oh yeah.
That's completely different.
You're right.
All right.
Sheep shed cause a poke.
Who was one of those fish that you can,
you can actually buy.
And uh,
I remember,
um,
when I had Paranas like,
uh,
like you couldn't get it,
it was very hard to get them in a store,
but you'd get a pocket on a store.
Um,
the,
um,
what was I going to say?
Oh,
the fucking volcano.
Did you hear about that volcano?
They found him in the middle of the Pacific.
No,
just found it.
The largest volcano ever discovered on earth and they believe in the entire
solar system.
It's just in the middle of the Pacific.
It's this enormous volcano that's as big as New Mexico and it's in the middle of
the Pacific Ocean.
That's fucking incentive.
They didn't even know it exists.
How the fuck did they not know?
We don't know much about the bottom of the ocean apparently.
Yeah,
yeah.
That's it.
We still keep discovering shit about earth.
I mean,
it's kind of a testament to help big and crazy places,
but a lot of people think we've seen everything and we
have it all tracked and we fucking don't.
Well,
that's the argument for things like big foot.
But this,
this is some real shit.
What is out there?
Whatever the hell that thing is.
That's actually probably an argument against bigfoot is that they can't find big
foot,
but they can find this in the middle of the ocean.
Actually,
that's a terrible idea because it's so big.
Um,
it dwarfs the previous record holder,
Huh?
Mona Loa used to be the world's largest volcano,
but this,
uh,
this one,
monologue is this.
Oh,
it's actually 25% smaller than Olympus Mons on Mars,
which is the biggest volcano in earth source system.
So it's a little bit smaller.
It's one of the largest in the solar system,
but the largest on earth,
it's 400 miles wide and 2.5 miles tall.
It erupted,
uh,
for a few million years during the early Cretaceous period,
about 144 million years ago,
but it's since been,
uh,
been extinct.
Wow.
That's nuts.
So it almost became another Hawaiian essentially,
but it's even bigger.
When did they find them in Hawaii?
Like a week?
Well,
maybe they're just trying to grow a new Japan real quick.
This might not be a bad idea.
Using chem trails sends him fucking harp signals down to the bottom of the ocean
and try to crack that fucker to the top.
And you scared at all about that Shit,
man.
I know this is supposed to be a conversation about rap and your book.
No,
no,
we don't.
We don't get to talk about rapport.
My blood scared of Fukushima,
dude.
I,
uh,
that the hard thing is that,
I don't know Fukushima man.
I don't know what Fukushima,
the nuclear disaster in Japan last aware of that last podcast.
Joe,
I was freaked out about it cause we talked about it so much.
But then the,
all the shit that people sent me on Twitter,
now I'm just like,
Oh man,
it's her.
So there's two sides of it.
It's like big legs.
When did this,
I've been on tour.
Is that you didn't ask him about the Japanese nuclear meltdown.
How long?
How long ago is it?
This is like,
people get so mad at you right now.
You have fuck another American.
So obsessed with his own bullshit that doesn't understand one of the mass
extinction events.
It's world's ever known.
I know a lot about extinction events.
Just,
I don't,
I don't know.
Have you been watching breaking bad?
2011.
See the last one though?
Um,
the,
um,
the tsunami and earthquake,
Japan Fukushima power plants went down and they didn't have a backup.
And if,
you know how,
I didn't know how nuclear worked until this,
but the way it works is you have to keep those things cool nuclear power.
Apparently it was just a big fire that works and creates a steam and the steam
power generators.
Right.
And they pour water into it and the Wa,
that's why they're always near the water.
The water is like it.
If it hits the steam or a,
it hits the,
uh,
the nuclear plant somehow or another,
the,
the fusion,
the energy heats up the water and that powers the generators.
Like it's,
it's way more primitive than I thought it was.
I thought it somehow another extracting the energy from the nuclear power and
they put it into tubes or some shit and then it comes into,
I didn't know how it does well when,
when they do that they have to keep these rods cool.
They have to constantly keep them cool.
This nuclear energy and when the power goes out they're fucked.
They're really,
really fucked.
They had backup for like eight hours.
They had like,
when the tsunami hit him,
it killed their generator and it killed their backup generator.
And so they couldn't cool it off.
And once you can't cool it off,
it's done.
Like you never can cool it off again.
They don't know how to cool it off.
So if essentially they have this place that remains hot for hundreds of
thousands of years,
it's contaminated and so they don't know.
Honestly,
that's a lot of it is theoretical.
They don't even know where it is right now because it's,
it's,
it's melted through its containment hole,
so it's going further and further into the earth.
Jesus,
so holding it's,
it's Matt.
No.
Yeah.
Now that I,
yes,
I am scared about that.
That's fucking terror and it's leaking millions and millions of gallons of
radioactive water into the ocean.
It showed a measurable increase in the radioactivity and fish.
Right now they say it's with intolerable levels.
It's like 3% increase and radioactive isotopes,
but it's dangerous.
It's fucking dangerous.
I've been eating mad fists lately just because I feel like one day I won't be
able to,
she'd eat it.
Maybe you get super powers and we know that is some scary shit.
I feel like very inadequate as a human for not knowing about that,
but it's,
well,
you shouldn't feel inadequate,
but it's kind of shocking that no ones.
Well,
you live in Kansas City.
No one's worried about fish.
Yeah.
Worried about catfish,
catch catfish,
catfish.
I fucking hate catfish catfish.
That's always,
those shows are reaching in and grabbing them with their hands.
When you grow up in Kansas City,
everybody's always,
let's go to the lake this weekend and we're going to go,
and that's what you do is you fucking go cat fishing and they have fucking
whiskers that they beat you with.
And if you hold them and they're just,
they're like pig.
Well,
just trying to stay alive.
I understand that.
I'm just saying I'm not a fan of them.
I'm not a fan of them.
Yeah.
A catfish is delicious and you can catch them with your hands.
And then they beat you with their fucking whiskers that those shows where they
reach the hand into the mouth and grab them and pull them out of the lake.
That is the most ridiculous shit ever.
That's the best way to catch these fucking things with chloroform work on
catfish.
I don't think it would work underwater.
No.
I mean,
yeah,
the um,
the,
the size of these fucking cat fur,
so they pull out with our hands.
I mean there's some,
there's some,
I don't know if you've ever seen like the,
the ledge because you like,
you know,
legendary animals.
There's like 400 pound cat fish swimming through rivers and shit.
Ever seen some of these pictures of these?
He's like mega catfish.
I mean,
do you this giant ones?
Huge.
They caught one recently.
There was a some world record one that caught in some other country,
but someone put a video up on youtube and it's seriously looked like the guy was
pulling in a hiphop.
He caught it with a rod and reel Wa pull it,
pull it up,
pull up world record cat fish caught like the most recent one.
It's insane.
It's like,
it looks like it's like eight,
nine feet long and it looks like a hippo look.
Literally.
It looks like he's pulling in a hippopotamus.
It's enormous.
And it's a catfish.
Yeah.
Where was it?
Where were no conflicts down or some shit?
I don't know.
I have no idea.
It was just a bunch of strange,
strange languages that I don't understand.
Fuck Catheters.
That's something I'd be like,
oh look at this one.
That's probably Thailand.
Thailand has a lot of giant ones.
Yeah,
but there's a video of a guy pulling one in on a rod and reel video of a guy
pulling in the world record.
It's just in this,
these are just rivers,
man,
Tokyo Electric Power.
Why do you have two videos playing at the same time?
You have volume playing Tokyo power.
We don't need to hear that music man and,
and I hear it.
It's really important.
When we moved him he said,
man,
you got to really,
and then Anna,
look at that rod polling.
Jesus Christ.
Scoot ahead so you can actually see the fish.
What did it do to way better hearing you do it.
This is not,
the fish does not the one.
This is not the world record one,
but it's pretty God damn bag.
The size of that fucking thing is calling me with his hands.
What the fuck.
Oh,
that's not even close to us.
Conveniently rested on his deck.
Oh,
I just happened to stick my dick in his cap fish's mouth after conquering it.
Did they caught that at Kentucky kiss or what's that called?
You know,
it's really fucked up.
That's not even the craziest animal that lives in fresh water.
You ever seen an alligator Gar?
A white alligator gar.
Oh,
to pull that up.
There's videos of these people catching these things.
They apparently live,
uh,
in some places in the south.
Like Texas has a,
uh,
lakes that have them and there's,
these things are enormous.
They grow like nine feet long.
They look like dinosaurs.
They look like swimming dinosaurs,
their teeth.
They're like giant Parana.
If your teeth are filled with these crazy fucking sharp teeth and uh,
I think they eat them.
I think that eat,
I'm like on swamp people.
I think they smoked and they smoke them,
but it's a crazy look in dinosaur evil ancient fish.
You're on it.
Look at this fucking thing.
Fish.
Is this somebody catching one?
Yeah.
What is with these fishermen with a fucking shitty music behind their fish
videos.
Yeah.
Where do you see that thing?
Well that's not even that big one
till that music to stop.
Okay.
Go to a,
Oh my God,
look at that thing.
That's the shit show a good photo of one because some of them see the Jesus
Christ Jesus Christ.
Wow.
I mean that's a native American freshwater fish,
man of God and it's probably been in this state for,
you know,
millions of years looked like that.
That is terrifying.
And they're huge.
I mean these things get enormous.
What's the world record alligator car?
What's fun to how big they good did that photo that you,
I said that you tweeted the other day with the,
the,
the mountain lion eating a deer on the side side of the road at some into deer
on the side of the road in Santa Monica.
Right in the Santa Monica Mountains.
Like people were driving by and they passed it and like what the fuck you ever
seen the video of the Komodo dragon eating the water buffalo?
Yes.
That's like one of the best.
They measure from the alligator.
Gar is the largest freshwater fish found in North America and measures between
eight and 10 feet fucking long.
God dammit.
If you pull up a photo that says world record alligator Gar,
do that on a,
on um,
on Google image search.
Okay.
Bing,
you contrarian music being with my windows phone.
I give zero fucks.
Look at this thing.
This is one of the world record ones.
Oh my gosh.
That's an alligator brother.
That's the world record.
I'll get,
I'll look at the picture on it.
He just pulled up.
Look at that though.
This is just got captured last week.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
That's the world record alligator.
They just captured it misses even sippy.
Yeah.
Not even world record.
I believe it.
Just Mississippi record,
right?
Yup.
But what's crazy is the state record,
they broke twice in a day.
One person got one that was over 700 and never won some,
someone else got one that was even larger than that.
It was over 700 pounds.
So two of them in a day that broke the previous state record.
It's curious.
When I was a kid,
I used to live in Florida and I lived in a place called Gainesville and
Gainesville.
I played it.
I played a show in Gainesville college there.
It's also where I think Ted Bundy did all his killing.
Yeah.
Um,
there was a lake called Lake Alice and it was filled with alligators,
alligators there all the time.
We used to feed him.
We used to throw marshmallows in and they would like,
they would eat the marshmallows and occasionally people's dogs,
like someone would fuck up and they'd be walking the dog too close to the,
to the water.
They're just jump out,
grab him,
snap him up.
Yeah.
I thought you meant like you through marshmallows and occasionally somebody
stole
rude.
No.
Um,
but uh,
they,
they were scarce like you,
you weren't allowed to hunt them.
They were like,
there are a protected species.
That's why they were telling us not to feed the marshmallows.
At one point in time they put up a sign because apparently the alligators had a
hard time digesting the marshmallow.
Like they were concerned with the alligators,
their population.
But now,
now they're everywhere.
They just infested.
They have these people on those swamp shows.
You ever watch those swamps shows and like a history channel,
they have like a 500 tag limit so they can kill 500 of them in a fucking season.
So they're just driving around swamp,
shooting rifles in there's water to a day.
Jesus.
Yeah.
Well I think,
I don't know how long their season lasts.
Oh yeah.
That's way more than two a day.
Then depending,
I think they have,
I think they have a season,
but like some animals when they get too crazy,
they stopped the season thing and they just say,
you could do whatever the fuck you want.
Like wild pigs in Texas.
There's a thing that they put out today.
Uh,
it was on my Twitter that they hired a guy to start trapping them in the city of
Dallas,
that they have to start trapping wild hogs in the city of Dallas,
I think.
Cause they're like in the,
in their way into the city.
Wild pigs in Texas are so bad right now.
There's more than 11 million wild pigs and in Texas alone right now apparently.
Have you ever been to South Africa?
No.
Okay.
So we did a tour in South Africa and we were driving from Cape Town to
Johannesburg or driving,
no driving around Johannesburg.
And there is a guy,
uh,
pretty much every 20 miles or so that is employed by the state that walks around
with a whip and he whips baboons off the street because they fuck with people's
cars.
Pat Boone's our little fucking thugs,
man.
They will like,
they'll break into your car and,
and take all your cds and break them and Piss all over your car and fuck your
shit up and just leave it there.
They do it on purpose.
So they pay a guy to walk around and whip baboons to keep them out of people's
cars.
Dude,
they're goons.
You know what's really weird about baboons is there kind of like part dog right
there.
Like,
you know,
they're,
they're a,
they're a primate,
but they look kind of dog like,
like when they open up their mouth and they,
they like,
they bare their teeth or they,
you know,
they're barking or something like that.
They have like a dog face.
Yeah.
You know,
pull up a pictures of baboons,
baboons,
teeth.
They're freaky looking fucking,
I'm gonna fucking there.
They're crazy man.
Everywhere.
That's not a backbone.
Pumped picture of Babylon.
Um,
the,
um,
they have a real problem with them breaking into people's hotel rooms to like,
they've,
uh,
they've broken into like,
they figured out how to open sliding glass doors and shit.
No breaking appealing.
If you leave them open,
they'll break in the hotel room just ransacked your shit.
Yeah,
they fucked your shit up.
Look at it.
Oh,
he's sticking his ass up.
We can send kids.
They're,
they're,
they're rude.
They're smarter than good ones that showed baboons teeth
get something that shows baboons teeth.
They're freaky looking animals,
man,
though.
They're almost like a dog monkey hybrid.
They're everywhere in South Africa.
They are,
they'll walking down the sidewalk.
So if you're out for a jog or something,
you might encounter a backbone.
Dams.
Yeah.
What did they do about them?
They,
they try to have somebody come around and regulate them,
but I don't think that they're completely successful,
so I don't know.
Think you can scream at one or something and it'll run away from you,
but maybe not though,
right?
Maybe not.
You never know.
They are in India recently got killed.
Look at that thing.
Some mayor got killed by a pack of monkeys.
A mayor of a town in India.
Do monkeys are fucking ruthless.
Yeah.
Put up a couple more of those pictures.
It's so weird.
That's a real animal man.
Look at their fucking teeth,
but it's like very almost dog.
Like,
you know,
it's a primate like,
but it's long and like flake or something.
Yeah.
I'm so glad we don't have shit like that here.
I mean we have our art,
we have bears.
Bears are scared and there was a pretty bad,
did you hear about that event last week or it was two weeks ago.
We're seven people got bitten yet.
Bear.
Yeah.
Was like,
what the fuck?
Yeah.
In one day.
Bears are a bears are pretty scared and they're huge too and,
and fucking fast.
So you can't outrun them.
Oh yeah.
Recent.
Yeah.
That's cool.
That's real too.
They pulled their,
uh,
their,
their lips back.
Do they do that with their hands or does it,
does it just pull punches?
Does it?
Jesus man does it when they wide open their mouths.
Scariest vagina.
Eric,
what a creepy looking animal man.
Okay.
Yeah.
It was a couple of days,
a couple of day period.
We're seven people were mauled by bears in America.
Okay.
Yeah.
I think it's weird,
man.
It's getting really weird.
Yeah.
Things are kind of nuts,
man.
I don't know.
I'm,
I'm just scared of shit like that.
And I guess in Kansas City we don't really have to worry about stuff like that,
which is nice.
We don't have bears or planned on staying there.
I don't know,
man.
I'm probably going to have to move,
probably have to move out here because of some of the stuff that's going on.
Um,
my wife definitely wants to move out here because of a Showbiz type style.
Yeah.
Your wife wants to get the fuck out of Kansas City.
She doesn't like it.
I don't know.
She,
she was getting ready to move to England and I kind of interrupted her plans and
married her and put a baby in her.
So now that stuff is going so well.
She wants to go to either of the coasts but just not stay in Kansas City,
which is something to consider because it's getting to the point where it's hard
to do ship from there till you got to live in California.
Got Weather.
We Women,
Oh women,
whether we in and out Burger.
That's right.
In and out.
Burger is pretty nice.
Yeah.
He's not your gluten free.
You can get that.
The protein style where they give it to you.
I'm too big slabs and lettuce.
Yeah.
She's gluten free.
She'd love that.
It'll,
it'll stink up your car though for days and days.
Right.
This is what that smell of in and out.
It's impossible to get out of your car.
It's weird.
So even as you clean your car up,
you're like,
where is it?
How is it in here?
You know,
I ate in the box,
you know,
with that clean the box,
I picked the box up,
a drone in the garbage and get in my car.
It still smells like in and out.
Do you like living out here?
And I mean cause you've lived quite a few places,
right?
You bounced around.
There's so many people there.
That's an issue,
right?
But the good thing about too many people is you get a lot of cool people because
there's so many fucking,
and
it's so,
there's a lot of creative people that live here.
So like you can cultivate,
like we've got a great group of friends now and it's like all of our friends are
comics and people that we know that a creative that live inside of La.
And so in that sense it's a great place to live.
You can find a lot of interesting,
cool people here,
but the numbers are so big when you,
you're dealing with something like they think there's 20 million people in the
greater Los Angeles area.
When you're dealing with numbers that are that big,
I think you sort of almost like a,
you don't appreciate people as much.
I think they're all,
they're overwhelming to you.
Whereas if you go to a small town,
what I like about like driving in a place like boulder or something like that,
as people wave to you,
like if you're passing on a row,
spendable and places like that.
That's the same with Kansas city is friendly to each other.
This is less pressure,
right?
There's a,
there's a real pressure that comes from volume of people and I feel it on the
highway and I think it's responsible for road rage.
Most road rage and you're not seeing road rage and empty roads and road rage is,
a lot of it is like dark chapters.
There's road rage and empty roads too.
Yeah.
Well that's just assholes,
right?
Yeah.
That was probably a bad example,
but my point being that there's less people that are clogging up the world less,
you know,
you're not constantly being slowed down everywhere you go buy a high volume of
people.
I think you appreciate them more.
Do you feel that there's an overabundance of maybe kind of like what we were
talking about before the show and not to say any names,
but creative people that are getting in the way of maybe people that have a
genuine voice.
Oh,
you people that have figured out a way to exist in the system even though,
yeah.
Yeah.
And maybe are preventing other people that would otherwise have opportunities.
I don't know.
You know,
we were talking about a specific example of a comedian that we know that sucks,
that somehow or another has carved out some sort of a small life and Hollywood,
but B,
while being incredibly bad.
I think this,
that's,
those are rare.
It's rare.
I think most people that actually get through and you know,
you might not enjoy them,
you know,
like it might not be your style,
but like there's a lot of music that's not my style,
but it's other people fucking love it.
Right.
And there's that weird pretentious thing where you go,
no,
it fucking sucks.
Period.
It might suck to you,
but like to someone the Smith,
so the greatest band ever.
Yeah,
a lot of cow.
Lot of people,
a lot of people think that I don't like them.
No,
that's not my style.
But I appreciate that they obviously are great to those people.
That's how it is.
But then there's also other folks that get through as writers and that's where
it gets really weird.
See,
that's one of the reasons I would come here is is to parlay what I'm doing and
to writing.
Well,
you're a funny writer,
Dude.
You wouldn't have to worry about what we're describing.
We're describing as people that somehow or another get jobs as writers that
aren't funny at all.
And I've seen it,
man,
I've seen it on large scale and you know what happens?
A lot of times it gets really weird like Sitcom writers they have.
And so it'll be one guy who's the really funny guy and the other guys,
the guy bounces shit off who doesn't talk that much,
but they work as a team because the one guy was a really funny creative guys
kind of dysfunctional and can't really do it on himself.
He can't type or something like that.
And so they have like these two men teams and they're monsters.
And it happens a lot where you have these two man teams,
these guys started out together.
But there's one guy,
he's really talented.
I did this um,
pilot like way back in the day I had a development deal to do a show.
And there was these two guys that worked on a very successful Sitcom and this
guy branched off on his own,
separated from his partner and got this fucking deal.
And it was a giant deals,
millions of dollars.
I mean,
he was the guy.
And so the people that gave me this development deal wanted me to meet with him.
So I go into it homeboys office,
first of all,
he's wearing bowling shoes,
which is a bad sign because those,
those bitches are not comfortable.
So it's one thing if you're wearing,
you know,
you like wearing a high top converse and you're 90 years old,
uh,
you're eccentric,
you know,
but there are at least they're comfortable to wear.
If you wearing bowling shoes,
I assume you're trying to be wacky and I get grossed out.
Yeah.
You know,
so I was thinking this guy is,
this is a,
this is a weird sign.
And then he's just not funny.
Like in talking to him,
he's,
it doesn't seem particularly interesting.
It doesn't seem particularly sharp.
There's like,
does nothing.
I'm not,
I mean like maybe he pours it all out in his writing.
Maybe he's his bland guy and when he writes,
you're like,
Holy Shit.
Yeah.
So they give me the script after this guy's done with it and is one of the worst
pieces of Shit I've ever read in my life.
And the guy eventually faded away.
And disappeared,
but for a long time he was considered to be one of the best writers in Hollywood
because he was a part of a team on a successful show.
And then as he branched out this gigantic development deal,
you got this huge push in the beginning and then he disappeared.
Yeah,
I've heard that people in Hollywood kind of fail upwards.
They,
they are a part of things that,
and they just managed to make it to a certain point without ever really doing
anything.
It's kind of a cliche,
you know,
is that,
is that more of a cliche?
I think it's happened before,
but it's a nepotism thing.
People that are really good at networking and like show business,
I guess producers or you know,
as executives may be more so than anything else.
But as far as like people that are producing like writers or something like
that,
not really.
See,
my biggest fear is,
and I can't talk about the network or anything,
but this is obviously getting optioned into something.
And one of my biggest fears is being afflicted with shitty writers.
Oh,
it'll happen.
Because my biggest and,
and I don't understand still,
I cannot possibly grasp the logic why they won't let me write it because it's,
it's my shit.
But who won't let you ride it?
The people you're doing the deal with everybody.
They're just going,
no,
we'll find you a writer.
And which is fine because maybe this particular person,
whoever they decide to choose or people will actually produce a teleplay that's
amazing.
And take Teledyne.
Yeah,
these are,
these are words that I've
been hearing of late,
um,
teleplay but I'm also
worried that then it's going to come back in and it's going to be a piece of
shit and it's going to take every,
all the heart and soul that I put into it and,
and just make it sterile.
It's very possible.
It is.
I haven't had good luck in trying to turn things into TV shows.
It's hard.
It's also hard when you're dealing with,
it's a huge process when you're dealing with more than one person because you're
dealing with more than one division,
you know?
I mean,
I found that even on the Scifi show that I did,
there was like people that were saying we should do it like this or we should do
it like that.
And I'm like,
and there's all these different points of view and a lot of times that fucks
things up.
Letting you know Louis Ck has the best deal ever,
the best deal because steel is basically,
they said,
we're not going to give you any money,
but you can do whatever the fuck you want and we'll air it.
It's so,
well they give them money,
but I mean it was such a smart small thing on their part to trust.
Like here you get a guy who's a comedic genius and he said,
well what do you do about this?
What do you trust him?
You trust him to do something funny and we give them money.
I would love that.
That's what you need.
I think honestly that's what everybody gets on the Internet.
I mean it really is what it is.
So the things that have become successful from the internet,
like your videos are all things that you've created on your own and they found
their audience and that's really what someone needs to understand.
Like you got to be famous from the Internet.
You got your,
I found out about you from your work,
from your mind,
then pushed out to the universe and you put it together.
You,
you filmed it like this pink
cake rap thing that everybody knows about.
Yeah,
this is,
yeah,
that shit look like my bra fairs.
I gotta remember to flip the Motherfucker rover out there cooking it,
but 30 seconds,
ladies love me.
I got my buddies said to do one of the fast route to the speech.
So I said,
okay,
but I'm a speeded up real,
real,
real fast on the whole damn bottle is gone and I'm challenging Busto Watsky and
twist to it and he give you kids,
oh,
come on,
Cook Whitney me now getting drunk way.
If this took me,
because I probably did over 200 takes because there's a particular part where I
kept fucking the words up.
It's coming up in a second,
so it took me two nights.
He's looking for another 80 you got to go that he can beat up.
I always did.
He was man enough to get inside the octagon and you get them in the [inaudible]
front kick to the face just by me throwing my feet up.
We can,
we got baby please.
Pizza right here.
I'm giving it to the minute because it took her back to the pancreatitis limited
on the minute.
You've got to beat up there.
We got this.
Don't do that like it and it just got to the point where I had to just start
hammering screwdrivers like half and half orange juice and vodka because I
could,
I kept fucking that.
That makes it better.
Screwdrivers makes it better.
No,
it made it worse.
That was fine.
I was just frustrated
with the micro machine.
Here's another one.
Here's another.
Vito went up a little literally,
you know better.
You battling anybody with a better you ahead of you like me to read about it on
the edge of with an item without a rebound to bring about about it though.
Boom.
On the king bed and get up to,
there must be so hard to do live.
It's,
it's,
as long as I get proper vocal
gold and,
uh,
warm ups,
then I'll be fine.
Like
if I just try to go out there and do that,
it's not happening.
I mean it's,
it's,
it's you gotta stretch like,
you know,
before you train Jiu Jitsu or something,
you got to,
you know,
20,
30 minutes of warming up.
It's that similar concept.
I do that.
No,
uh,
before shows,
I make sure I have conversations before show.
Do you ever do like scales and go,
Oh yeah,
but I also stretched my mouth and I'm like,
yeah,
you have to.
You have to.
And it's a lot of stretching my tongue in my cheeks out and,
and talking and make the one,
the crucial thing is making sure I'm extremely hydrated because that'll,
that'll make my mouth very,
uh,
kind of juicy and lubricated,
juicy,
juicy in a little budget.
Keep talking to get my pants off.
But I found that the Internet is um,
you know,
in particular like what Google is doing right now trying to destroy network TV
with Google fiber I found a couple of years ago and where this is all from where
Bennett is coming from is that we're kind of all as artists taking control back
and um,
you know,
like you'd do with this podcast,
what I do with my videos,
what I did with my blog and we create all this shit that they,
you know,
the suits will try to take in and repackage for networks.
And I think that the thing with Louis is they let one through that didn't have
to go through the filter of all the executives and the suits and it's awesome.
It's so fucking awesome.
Yeah.
Is because they said,
all right,
well we're just going to let this guy do it.
We'll look at what you're doing.
Right.
And look at how,
how would you have done that if you had a bunch of people telling you what to
do?
I wouldn't,
I couldn't,
even if I had one person telling me what to do.
I mean I like the autonomy and I think that's why there's so many voices that
are emerging because we're getting these like singular very creative versus or
voices that are coming.
You know what you do.
Perfect example.
Well this podcast would have never been like this if we had a producer or a
network.
There was no the stage we've seen your way that we could say that.
Could we say that?
Use some more g rated words.
Advertisers aren't going to like when you see the flesh using the fleshlight or
this motherfucker just having him hang around level every five so we get the
James Franco instead.
Well there would be like,
you know like we,
we,
we've,
we've done studies and oh that's,
well that's one of the things like in one of the projects I have is as,
I'm very certain that it's going to have to go through a fucking focus group and
I've of course I've never had that happen to anything I've ever done.
It's weird.
Focus groups are struggling.
I mean,
what is like you've had,
what are like some of the comments that you get?
I mean,
you get like very bizarre fucked up comments and quite honestly if something's
good they like it.
I mean that's,
that's the reality of focus groups.
People don't like it.
They don't,
they look to like say,
well you know,
fuck a focus group,
but if you got a good product to focus group is most likely going to like it.
You know,
it's,
the problem is you shouldn't have to do it that way,
right.
The way you develop a show,
it's like,
wait the way you do,
I'll up anything.
It's like you create it,
you put it out there,
you get feedback,
you work it and tweak it and you continue and then when you start out,
it's not going to be the same thing it is a year from now or six months from
now,
you're going to get it together.
Like for me,
there's like a whole process from the beginning of,
uh,
coming up with a bit and then what,
what the bid actually becomes in six months.
And if I had a judge it based on the first time I ever did it on stage,
it would probably,
most bits would probably never make it.
Absolutely it would die off.
They they,
they're just not ready.
And when you're on a television show,
everybody wants the beginning product to be the final product and it's not,
it takes fucking forever.
Go Watch the first episode of the Sopranos.
It was a comedy.
It was a slap stick over the top comedy where Ed Falco had a fucking machine gun
and her daughter was trying to climb into the window at night.
She's out there with an AK 47 pointing it at her.
Yeah,
because metro was trying to sneak back at,
she had snuck out of the house.
Yeah,
exactly.
It was a joke.
It was a hilarious,
like loopy over the top mob show and then it became this intense,
incredible drama and one of the most realistic shows in human history,
but it didn't start out like that.
It's weird to see shows kind of take that evolution.
I think that like eastbound and down has done that.
That went from a very funny comedy and now it's kind of like this drama show,
Toronto [inaudible].
Have you seen any of the recent seasons?
I haven't.
Like I can't.
I,
I liked that guy.
I think he's fucking awesome,
but I can only watch that show in like short,
right.
Well,
the second season and in particular,
the third season,
dude,
it was a fucking romantic comedy was what are we doing?
Is this is distracting us was showing it scene from Sopranos.
Joey Diaz.
Oh,
he's in,
it wasn't in the Sopranos.
It was on mad TV.
Yeah.
Um,
yeah.
Look,
I think it's hard to get someone to be willing to let you do your thing and put
it on TV,
but that's the only way it's ever going to be your thing.
You have to,
you just have to,
it's something you have to go through.
It's just hard to do it on a place like FX.
But you could do it on Vimeo.
You know,
you could do it on youtube when,
that's the beautiful thing about the Internet and that's why you're here.
Yeah,
no,
that is why I'm here.
That's also why you're there.
That's why you're there.
You're representing you.
You're representing Mack lethal.
I mean,
you hear the boom,
you made it.
There it is.
Everybody likes it.
Go good.
Here I am the guy who does that well.
We want to change all that.
We want to throw in a bunch of other people that you don't even know and get a
bunch of guys who have a totally different sensibility and listen,
we know how to make some Shitty TV shows we've done in the past and we would
like to take your amazing original idea and turn it into a piece of shit that
you're going to pull your fucking hair out and we're going to give you nine
writers and they're all dick heads.
He's seen this.
Joe,
what is it?
It makes a Kanye west song out of nothing but like hair.
Oh,
you haven't seen this?
Yeah,
he loops it.
Is it Dana white followed me on Twitter because of this.
It's took like a week.
What looper do you use by that is uh,
the fucking rolling six oh six loop machine.
It has infinite loops.
And then I have one where I use my phone,
which is a program called everyday
and you're doing all this by just pressing the loop.
She and making noises with a hairdryer and for people who are listening to this
at home going,
what the fuck am I listening to?
You have to see it.
This is a Niggas in Paris by Kanye and Jay Z had no idea how to check it out.
You know what ball tell hard that my whole head shiny so it's easy to find
what's real gang to am I fucking like me.
Could you please remind me?
Bulk sell hard.
That shit's great.
Got to sweep all the hair when the trash again got above it.
Got to keep it really short.
I got to shave it or I'm looking like employee car dash she gets to,
you got my ball.
Bad ass like Dana white when I wrote up on your pitchy gas and it's like Prius
and I bet you when I'm high as fuck,
like I'm Nick Diaz and never get rehab.
I'm getting cinematic with it.
Anybody want to try to fuck with you
better get them in a river.
You did another one where you looped where uh,
you were making noises with your mouth and with the phone.
Yeah,
that's the one I talk about.
I mentioned your name in your mind.
So open like I'm Joe Rogan.
I use this program called everyday looper and I probably made this guy fucking
happening.
You did it with your phone?
Yeah,
I did it with this.
This is the program right here.
Wow.
Um,
and it,
it just infinitely loops and basically I use this thing called apogee where I
could plug it into my phone and record an acoustic guitar.
And then I made a lot of noises with my mouth and just looped them,
whistled,
harmonize with the muscle.
And then,
and then I did a song over it and I just have found that in 2013 it,
it's,
it's not enough,
especially if you're not going to get radio play and you're not going to get on
MTV.
If you want to stand out,
you have to use new forms of,
of making songs,
use technology.
Um,
you know,
hair products,
whatever it is,
you have to do things that are pushing the envelope.
Yeah.
And we've already done everything.
We've already written.
Every song we can possibly write with all the instruments that we have.
So what I'm trying to do is incorporate pancakes or incorporate my iPhone or
incorporate hair products,
whatever it is.
It's going to push the envelope and make it stand out a little bit more.
Yeah.
This is it right here,
right?
Yeah.
This is it.
This is crazy.
And then you bust out a guitar in the middle of this
poor guy that makes this
everyday looper program has to owe me fucking $250,000 for how many of these
assaults since.
So you make this and that's all you have to do is do that once and then it
loops.
They didn't put it up.
Then I add another one to it
and you can stack them over top of each other too in this program.
Second,
you can go out to like,
can you do and all this in real time.
Yeah.
And then I harmonize right
here.
Oh,
we stopped.
Never protest.
Protested a dead soldiers.
I'm losing my hair,
but it'll be Scott.
Never judge the woman for taking that on the woman's view with a fallen
sometimes.
And I mean sometimes I might even text message while I drive,
but I've never,
thanks God.
When a question is your birth child,
the shuck and Jive,
what's it to you?
You got something so sick just brushed under Google with so ugly,
brutal
bow.
What this was in sandy hook happened.
I'm from Kansas City,
so on 20 minutes away from Topeka,
Kansas,
where the Westboro Baptist churches we've experienced for our whole lives,
the Phelps family,
the roper family,
always protesting.
Um,
you know,
like if a soldier dies in Afghanistan and they have a funeral for him,
they will protest it and say that God is the reason that it happened because
America is a fag enabling country.
So Sandy Hook happened and all the children were,
were,
you know,
executed and they were going to go out there and protest the fucking candlelight
vigil for all the children,
um,
that were shot in that tragedy.
So I made a song,
but I,
I'm very,
very stern in,
austere in,
in.
I don't like to make songs.
If I feel I'm benefiting off of a tragedy,
it has to be completely genuine.
And this is just not,
I was getting ready to have a baby in two months.
So it was just something that I really connected with.
Um,
and I kind of had that idea laying around of using my phone and the whistle on
the guitar.
So then I,
I just put the lyrics over it.
And,
uh,
I actually,
one of the greatest accomplishments of that song is I met and I'm now friends
with Megan Phelps Roper,
who was the most outspoken of the,
the Westboro Baptist church up until about a year ago where she decided that she
no longer agreed with the ideal she was indoctrinated with and left the charge
and is now exiled from the church.
So she was the most vocal she was on.
She was like their social media,
a person that would be on Twitter.
She argued with Kevin Smith a lot on Twitter,
um,
and made a lot of webs,
uh,
youtube videos.
And in websites to promote the Westboro Baptist church and everything they stand
for.
So what happened?
How did she a snap out of it?
She,
there's a very long and interesting article,
I can't remember the website that it is,
but she explains that she hit a ceiling at one point and realized that her
family does not have exclusive rights to decide what is and isn't right or wrong
and her whole thing is she,
she just feels like they represent hate and they don't represent love and that
she just kind of grew up and realized she was indoctrinated as a child.
Wow.
That's a fascinating case.
Yeah.
So she,
an interesting document she wrote me.
Oh totally.
And she wrote me a very,
very long email that said,
I just wanted to know if you would forgive me and I wanted to apologize to you
for anything that I ever said.
And she never said anything about me,
but she saw that video and,
and just said it.
It hit home and I miss my family a lot and I've been exiled by them and we
developed a friendship over it and now she's on kind of a mission to find out
who she is and what she thinks and what she feels.
But she knows she doesn't agree with the FAM,
but they don't,
if you leave their,
their ideals,
they fucking exile you.
She hasn't talked to any of her family and like a year.
Wow.
Well she's lucky.
Fuck them.
Just the idea that you could grow up in an environment like that and be
indoctrinated to that thinking.
It's very real.
There's children right now that if they're protesting,
which I'm sure that they are,
have signs that say,
you know,
American troops dying is a blessing from God because America is a fag enabling
country.
Yeah.
It's all,
um,
you've,
you've seen Jesus camp.
I love it.
Yeah.
That takes,
that takes place in independence,
Missouri,
which is 20 minutes the opposite way.
That lady that speaks in tongues.
The fucking,
the weird chick that has the,
the camp,
the uh,
I don't remember what her name is.
She has the curly hair.
She's kind of frumpy and she'll randomly start going there.
Scott can speak in tongues.
She's an independence Missouri.
That's right up the street.
We have the biggest population of evangelists and where I live and that's maybe
one of the reasons why I stay because I'm not around a bunch of like progressive
creatives.
I'm around against very volatile,
non tolerant people,
intolerant people and that's why you stay.
It's maybe one of the reasons because I feel like it fuels some of the stuff
that I do and I'm in a different environment than a lot of musicians and writers
are.
So it gives you a different perspective.
Gives me a different perspective.
Yeah,
that sounds like a nice excuse for staying and kind of,
there's some good things about it.
Yeah.
It's cheap.
Rent,
clean water.
Our evangelists.
Well,
I think because of the Internet,
we've talked about this on the show many times before that I think there's
pockets of cool people all over the place.
Everywhere because of the Internet.
Yeah.
Everywhere.
It didn't use to be,
it really starts with what kids are exposed to.
Kids are exposed to this.
They stay in the neighborhood that grow up become parents.
What were they exposed to as a developing as they're becoming a human being?
What?
What made them think that this is something to aspire to.
If you grew up around a bunch of Fred Phelps type characters can really fuck
your perspective.
Sure.
But nowadays you get so much more input.
You're getting like this woman I'm sure had a lot of it had to be fueled by her
media appearances and the feedback that she got from that,
but a lot of it had to be fueled by the Internet itself.
Yeah,
absolutely.
Small town kids all across America that will get to
listen to podcasts now and read blogs and get to watch documentaries on their
computer and be turned on to something by on Twitter where they'd never would
have had
oh before they were so isolated in and all they heard was the ideals that were
shoved down their throats constantly.
So I think that it's a great thing for just the,
the evolution of the youth mind because they're going to be able to break away a
lot earlier.
Like when we came,
I came up in a fucking Presbyterian family.
My parents were,
were religious,
and I didn't leave the faith and stop believing until I was 23 when I lost my
mom.
And I think that forced me to confront the idea of death.
And I realized I wasn't afraid of it.
And it sent me on this whole spiritual journey where I realized,
you know,
I'm 32 so this is nine years ago,
nine years at,
this was nine years ago as a three days ago,
September 7th,
2004 and up until that point,
I was blindly faithful.
I just believed because that's what you do when Kansas,
that's what,
that's what you do.
You go to church and you believe in Jesus and atheists are weird.
Satan worshipers.
And so I feel,
yeah,
so then I,
I,
I lost my mother and I think what that forced me to do,
and this is,
we didn't have a whole lot of Internet access for the information that we do
now,
but what it forced me to do was just confront the idea that religion exists
solely predicated upon the idea that people are afraid of death and no longer
existing.
And because we have no ability to explain what has happened up until this point
and you know,
their history becomes very murky the further you go back.
So fascinating.
Yeah.
No Presbyterian.
What exactly does that I,
you know what?
I don't know.
We have in Kansas City we have evangelists,
Methodists,
Lutherans,
Presbyterians,
Catholics,
no Muslims,
no Islams,
no Buddhist,
none of that shit.
All dangerous.
That's a,
lots of Jesus.
Huge churches,
huge places for Jesus.
I grew up,
I was Catholic until I was in first grade.
So for what happened in first grade,
they cured me.
They cured me of Catholicism.
I went to first grade Catholic school and it was just so crazy.
I knew that,
that there was all bullshit.
I knew they were all out of their mind.
I didn't want have anything to do with Catholicism before that.
My parents broke up when I was a little kid and I was very insecure when I was
like five.
My parents broke up and uh,
we were still living in New Jersey at the time.
I'm,
all of a sudden we were in an apartment and we went live with my dad anymore.
My Dad was really violent.
It was like,
it was a lot going on that was really bad.
And so I was really religious as a small boy.
I thought that God was going to take care of everything and that would be the
secret.
There'll be a,
God would take care of everything.
And I don't know who else was telling me that.
I probably my grandmother or something.
Well,
I went to a Catholic school,
uh,
our lady of chest to Hova was the name of the place and it was so fucking nasty
and joy lists and they were so evil that I knew it was bullshit,
a new,
it was all lies.
I just,
this woman who the nun was such a fucking ratchet current,
she helped me so much and just giving me no way out of it.
It was no way but to abandon it.
She was so nasty and Shitty and I just got to see the,
the machine underneath.
Uh,
this was what she was promoting.
So did you become an atheist in first grade?
No,
I would never say I was an atheist.
I'm not an atheist today.
Um,
what I am,
I like the term agnostic,
but what I,
what I am is a person who hasn't died yet.
Right.
And I think anybody who hasn't died yet,
it's just talking shit about what comes now.
That's a very,
very good way of looking at it.
Especially if you've done mushrooms.
If you've done,
done,
done a lot of mushrooms,
if you've done psychedelics,
if you've done dimethyltryptamine,
it's actually,
I have definitely done diamond field tryptamine too.
Once it gives me at least the ID.
And,
and I'm not saying that.
Here's a,
is an important point about psychedelics.
It's not necessarily real.
Like what you're seeing when you're having a psychedelic experience,
it doesn't mean you went to another dimension.
Even though it feels like another dimension.
It doesn't mean you're talking to intelligent entities that give you the secret
of life and the secret of happiness.
It doesn't mean that.
But whether or not you really are or are not traveling to other dimensions when
you're on psychedelics,
the experience is exactly the same.
So it really is as if,
whether or not it's true,
but it is as if you are traveling to another dimension and interacting with
intelligent beings and intelligent beings that give you truth and honesty and,
and see through all your bullshit and see through your behavior and can explain
how to live this life in a happy way to you.
And if you listen to them,
it actually works.
Doesn't mean it's not a figment of your imagination.
It might be,
but the point is that even if it really is just your imagination,
there's no difference in the actual experience itself than if it was really
happening.
Yeah,
I compare it is the same,
but do you think that because when people talk about like when I smoked DMT,
the one time that I did and it was spellbinding,
I mean fucking,
when you talk about going to another dimension,
you really do.
And I don't think it's,
it's like a figment of your imagination.
I just think you inter parts of your consciousness that you are unable to access
unless you're,
unless you do hallucinogens.
It's all speculation.
I,
I've,
I've come to the understanding that there's a lot of people that try to define
psychedelic experiences and they tried to say,
well,
this is what's happening.
And some,
a lot of them are like really intelligent people who are skeptics and they're
kind of debunking the psychedelic experience.
And I,
I've come to the realization that no one knows.
No one knows and no one will know it unless we have a much,
much,
much deeper understanding of the actual human mind and consciousness itself.
When they start having the ability to transport consciousness into other
external devices like a,
an artificial body or something like that.
Things that people like Ray Kurzweil,
I believe we're going to be able to do some day,
then
maybe they'll have a deeper understanding of what exactly the psychedelic
experiences.
But until right now,
right now what we know is there's some chemicals that go into some,
they pass through the blame brain blood barrier and then it's this really
unpredictable pattern of images and experiences and feelings come up and we
don't really know what it is.
But we do know that those experiences also happen when you're about to die.
We know that those experiences happen in,
you know,
people that are going through near death experiences.
So it's like sort of the same time,
I've always wondered if that's what a near death experience was.
It's maybe the body thought it was going to shut down permanently and released
all the DMT and then maybe revived.
So,
but you still get to experience that could be,
I've always thought of that.
Like what if you shoot yourself in the head?
If you shoot yourself in the head,
it's like you don't get a chance to go to the next level.
Lasted all addie.
Yeah.
Or is it so good that it recognizes as the bullet hits your skull,
it just bursts out.
It's just,
it's just like over link.
Yeah.
Fucking amazing.
One thing I will say about psychedelic experiences,
and I've heard you talk about this before,
is invariably they always take me and guide me and hold me over any issues that
I have in my life.
And it's like a fucking giant magnifying glass.
And last time I ate mushrooms,
it was about three years ago and I had some,
some issues going on with,
I felt like I wasn't working hard enough and I wasn't treating Sir some of my
friends and contemporaries with enough respect and I ate mushrooms in within
like 10 minutes.
It was on an empty stomach.
I was having terrible fucking panic attack.
And you know,
some people call it a bad trip,
but I think it's actually a good experience because it was necessary and
therapeutic for me in variably this happens and if I have no issues going on,
I don't necessarily feel that way.
So it's,
it's good for,
for those things.
I,
I agree totally that,
that uncomfortable feeling.
It's very important to me.
It's a terrible one.
It's actually happening,
but it's such a growth experience when it's,
when you go through it and when it's done,
it's,
it's like getting off of a roller coaster.
You just kind of feel euphoric and relaxed and,
and you come out with a different piece of mind.
And I've always,
I've,
anytime I've ever done them,
I found any issues in my life that I had,
I could resolve in a healthier way or at least had a better perspective on them.
Yeah,
those uncomfortable moments.
It's almost like,
you know,
you have a,
a subconscious and it just sort of gets filled.
There's subconscious gets filled with this one bullshit thing that it's like
then once you kill off the consciousness and enter into the psychedelic state,
it's like,
look man,
we've got a backlog of bullshit that you've been saving up here in this
warehouse.
What do you want to do with it?
And you're like,
no,
it was all there.
Well,
I have a friend that was very heavily for seven eight years addicted to
Oxycontin and tried to kick 30 40 different times.
Didn't work.
So he went down to Saint Kitts and did Ibogaine therapy.
And what I've heard about Ibogaine in comparison to even DMT or acid is it
fucking
digs excavates everything that you have from when you were a child,
even everything that you have,
the deepest,
darkest shit that you have buried,
covered in cobwebs,
and it brings it all out and it resets your body.
And people will come away.
Not only not addicted to painkillers,
but he stopped smoking cigarettes,
stop drinking caffeinated beverages,
stopped eating any artificial sweetener or corn syrup,
and just experienced a very terribly painful memories from his childhood.
And it almost cleanse him out entirely.
And that's what Ibogaine does,
is it essentially resets your entire existence on a physical,
mental,
and emotional level.
And so many people are,
you know,
of course it's illegal here,
but so many people are being saved from opiates and other addictive substances
with it.
Yeah,
it's really kind of stupid.
It's not just kind of stupid.
It's incredibly stupid that it's illegal and it's incredibly infant tile.
This,
this country that we live in is really trapped.
We are absolutely trapped by money and were trapped by influence of the people
with money that want to continue making money.
So they've stopped a bunch of things from being available and psychedelics being
a big one because there's so consciousness changing and they can affect the,
the,
they can affect so much of the system,
whether it be financial,
whether it be political,
governmental,
when you incorporate something that can radically change consciousness,
almost instantly,
like your friend immediately kicks cigarettes,
kicks oxies becomes as different person.
Those type of radical shifts,
you apply them to a population and the number one issue that you're going to
have is you're not gonna be able to lie to those people's easily anyway.
Absolutely.
People are lying to themselves.
They're easy to lie to,
and as soon as they're not lying to themselves anymore,
they'll recognize when you're lying to them.
You know,
it's,
I'm really good at spotting bullshit artists and one of the reasons I'm really
good at spotting bullshit artists is cause I don't pull shit.
You know,
I tried to be very nice.
I try to be as nice as I can as much as I can.
I really do put a lot of effort into that,
but I'm not hearing it.
If you're full of Shit,
you're do,
you're not helping yourself.
You're not helping me.
I'm not trying to be mean to you,
but I'm just saying that's nonsense.
You know it's nonsense and I know it's nonsense.
Let's just stop right here.
That's probably why you like psychedelics because they don't tolerate bullshit.
There's no bullshit,
no bullshit at all.
There's no bullshit in a pot Brownie,
bro.
Pot Brownie is of psychedelic.
As far as I'm concerned,
they are psychedelic code.
The first time I ever ate a pot Brownie,
it was one of those like ignorant experiences where you,
you eat one and you're like,
you know,
an hour goes by and you're just kinda like,
Eh,
this is kind of mellow.
So you eat another one and then two,
three hours later your fucking eyes are dilating.
I puked.
I mean it was crazy.
I mean,
did you trip?
Yeah.
Bottom line.
You fucking trip.
You trip.
It's a real,
it's a real psychoactive substance.
We've talked about it ad nauseum on the show before,
before was in the interest of people that have never heard it before.
There's a,
there's a chemical called 11 hydroxy metabolite.
It's produced by your liver.
When you eat pot,
it's five times more psychoactive
than THC.
It's a completely different experience and it's not available to you
psychoactively when you smoke it.
So that's why like I've given brownies to people before and they go do this was
fucking laced man.
There's something else in here,
man.
No,
that is what had happened.
That it is what happens when you get a hold of,
of,
of an edible marijuana products,
70 years old and hadn't smoked weed or,
or anything since the 60s.
And within the last three or four months,
uh,
my step mom is having a lot of nerve pain in her back and she asked,
they asked if I could acquire some marijuana for them.
So I got him a little bit to smoke and they enjoyed it.
And his friend that he plays acoustic guitar with,
they smoked one night and to return the favor,
he gave him my dad some cookies and my dad ate a cookie and my step mom ate a
cookie and it was the most fucking disaster is
du Du,
Du,
Du.
I mean phone call at two in the morning,
just like you need to come save us.
Come take us to the hospital.
I mean,
it was awful.
And I was like,
what did you do?
We ate pot cookies.
You're fine.
Go to sleep.
It will eventually fade.
Just go over there and give him a hug.
Yeah.
Where was he driving distance from you?
Yeah,
he's driving business from me.
He'll give him a hug.
He's all right.
That's when you break out the fake thing.
Like just drink a cup of milk and within 30 minutes everything will be fine.
Like you have to almost trick.
Right.
I have heard those before.
Like I've heard coffee that coffee is one of the best at for killing Brown hot
pot Brownie Buzz Xanax.
Mm.
I wouldn't fuck with that.
Xanax.
That sounds like there's not enough like literature.
I don't think I would add that because I know that um,
people have done Mao inhibitors,
uh,
and they've taken them with Iowasca to like try to up the effects or with
mushrooms or a different things to try to up the effects.
And it's disastrous like chemical pharmaceutical,
Mao inhibitors.
Cause you know,
Iowasca is a combination of orally active DMT DMT,
which becomes orally active because of this thing called harming,
which is an Mao inhibitor.
It's,
it's really an incredible chemical concoction that they figured out how to do
in,
in the Amazon where they take the leaves of one plant and the vine of another
and they combine the two of them because Mano Aiming Oxidase,
which is Mao kills DMT in the gut.
So when you eat it,
normally it gets squashed before it ever gets into your blood system.
But this stuff is an Mao inhibitor so it eat it.
Yeah.
So people have tried to fuck around and go,
Oh hey,
you know,
my mom's on Mao inhibitors for x disease,
whatever.
I'll just take those with it.
And,
and apparently it's,
it's like the worst experience you could ever have in your life.
Like at a is your memory of I don't like move your toes and shit like that.
Like it can really fuck with you.
I wouldn't fuck with Xanax and pop brown is,
unless you really know it didn't fuck with Xanax in general.
That is a severely dangerous drug that uh,
I mean there was,
you know,
anything that will kill you if you withdraw from it.
I mean it,
it,
you know,
my wife has a friend,
it's very religious and a very anti truck would not do drugs.
Christian Science Christians,
I don't even drink a Mormon.
We don't even drink and uh,
take Xanax every night.
Exactly.
Like my wife will be having conversations with her and bill just drift off into
like blah,
Blah talk knows this and she's like,
hello,
are you there?
Like what's going on over there?
Oh No,
no.
Nothing.
And just tell me Xanax,
Xanax,
what they describe to people that are,
have a fear of flying.
Yeah,
cause my,
my uh,
sister takes it before.
Well yeah.
Well we're dom Irrera takes it every day.
Yeah,
that's right.
Yeah.
Dom as a Xanax issue,
he takes it every day.
He looks at it like recreationally or,
or a little bit of both.
He's got some sort of a prescription,
but he's,
he likes to booze with it so that shit is,
that's even more dangerous than,
than like opiates or,
or meth because if you quit those too abruptly,
any Benzo,
I think it's Benzodiazepine team is how you say it.
Xanax,
Klonopin,
shit like that.
If you quit those too abruptly,
you,
your body will shut down.
Yeah.
What the fuck,
man.
And they're everywhere.
And they're like,
what are the most prescribed drugs?
Yeah.
All the popular drugs,
you know,
Adderall,
oxy,
Xanax,
these are,
these are the things that they're the absolute worst for you,
but they're the most popular.
Yeah.
Those are the ones that bring in all the money in.
And that's why Ibogaine is illegal because if people start taking Ibogaine,
then they're going to stop taking all those other drugs.
It's also because they don't even want to open up the dialogue for schedule one
substances,
any,
any of these drugs that were made illegal during the sweeping,
psychedelic legislative legislative,
uh,
acts of a 1970.
That's when the a psychedelic drug laws were passed.
They were just trying to stop the hippie movement.
They were like trying to squash everything.
So they made everything illegal.
Well,
a lot of people don't realize that before 1970 acid was legal,
mushrooms were legal.
These,
you could get ahold of these four,
1970,
1970.
Yeah.
Let's,
uh,
let's pull it up.
A psychedelic drug act of 1978
drug act.
That'd be so awesome.
If it was illegal,
well it would change the world and it did change the world.
And there's a reason why if you go and listen to buddy Holly and then you listen
to Jimi Hendrix,
you know,
you,
you're only dealing with a 10 year difference and it might as well be a billion,
you know,
I mean,
listen to Voodoo child and listen to love,
love me,
do,
and uh,
and realize that this is,
you're just,
you're,
you're dealing with just a few not to love,
love me do isn't a great song.
But the early Beatles stuff,
it's like so simplistic.
It's so different,
you know,
and then listen to the white album,
listen to this.
Some of the shit
that they did once,
they were obviously trippin,
you know?
Yeah.
It in through the bathroom window.
I mean,
they had some just really varying strange tunes.
They develop this different sort of sound and I think it changed pop culture.
It changed human beings.
We went from this father knows best society to,
you know,
to the freak brothers.
I mean,
it really,
it opened up all these weird doors that they were absolutely terrified.
Classically substances like that,
uh,
make better music.
And then in certain cases when artists sober up,
their music always suffers in a prime example.
I'm not trying to shit on him,
but Eminem used to be on a lot of like drugs and mushrooms and,
and made like some amazing shit.
And then he sobered up and he started becoming like a fucking long distance
runner or something.
And now it's just like sterile.
I'm sorry if you heard his new song.
Yeah,
he phoned fallout one in,
I think there's an issue,
um,
with human beings,
uh,
where there's a wild recklessness that enables a certain amount of creativity to
the to happen.
And then you also get a bunch of success and then you,
you lock yourself in and you separate yourself from society and you become more
disconnected.
And then you sort of like hide from people who have more and then you're,
the extent of your social experiences shifts.
Things become very different.
Like it happens with a lot of rich comics,
their social experiences shift and then they'd take less chances and you know,
something that you really have to like fight off.
Yeah.
They become much more comfortable in and surround themselves with people that
are going to validate,
maybe,
you know,
shitty.
You're not fleshed out material.
Yeah.
It was this,
Brian,
I saw this,
uh,
on this,
is that,
what was he like two nights ago?
It was he bored.
I,
yeah,
he was trolling.
I think he's,
yeah,
that's what I've heard is he,
he just wasn't like making faces the whole time he has.
He's like something I would do.
Yeah,
it does.
Yeah.
Here's,
you know,
when we announced on the UFC,
they announced once,
um,
that Ronda Rousey and Misha Tate,
we're going to be the coaches.
It was cats and Ghana originally,
but she got injured.
Um,
and,
uh,
like they announced it on TV and I was making all these crazy faces and so many
people thought it was,
I was being disrespectful that I didn't,
I mean they just decided to put it into that frame and decided that what I was
like,
I was like,
what women,
what do you like?
That was my point of view,
which wasn't at all.
It was women and men together.
First of all it was like,
Whoa,
Ronda Rousey is going to host and then it was like,
wait a minute,
women and men are going to be in the house together.
That's fucking crazy.
Like that was what I was saying,
but people just decide that,
you know,
w w uh,
facial expression is,
you know,
you make the best facial expression.
I told somebody online that if they,
somebody took off your last TV show,
they just took all the times you've made like those crazy eyes,
you know,
and stuff.
If the edit it all into one video of chesty making eyes,
it would be the coolest video on the road.
Those people,
Deb
believed in the things that I was mocking.
Got So mad at me.
Facial expressions,
what were you,
everything,
every that that's the problem with doing that show.
I really enjoyed doing that show on it and then [inaudible] was really awesome
to work with.
They're great people and I really liked those guys.
But the real problem with doing that show is it's,
unless you're talking about a real subject,
like um,
the transhumanism,
like the idea of a technology replacing human bodies and things along those
lines.
Sure.
Or infectious diseases.
Something that was real that we actually could study.
Then you're talking to the same type of people,
these really nutty white guys who believe in a bunch of nutty shit that is
probably pretty easily disproved,
right.
If it,
if it's not easily disproven,
it's at the very least marginalized fairly quickly.
Like there's things that cannot be disproven,
like alien life,
which I believe in chorus.
Yeah.
Kind of be stupid.
Not only do I believe in it just because a lot of people think that I,
I didn't believe in it from doing that Shell.
They were like,
you know,
Oh,
he fucking,
you think you're above it and you don't even believe in aliens.
You know how stupid that is?
Like that's not true at all.
I absolutely believe that there could be alien life out there.
I absolutely believe is most likely alien life.
In fact,
Neil degrasse Tyson,
when he was explaining infinity,
and this is was such a mind fuck,
but he said,
infinity is so enormous that not only has everything on earth in it,
his exact order has happened on another planet somewhere else in the universe,
but it's happened in infinite number of times in the exact order.
That's how big infinity is.
Then in Finney literally has no end.
So if it can happen here,
and if this,
these words and these stumbles,
these Oms,
these you,
uh,
these have taken place and the exact same order,
the exact same move,
like there's been an incarnation of this podcast in this comp right now,
I'm just showing here.
I'm touching my fingernails to get it for no reason whatsoever.
I've done that somewhere else in the universe of the exact same time.
Had a fucking insane,
yeah.
That's how big infants,
it's so big that it eventually it,
it overlaps and it happens again.
They exact pattern of what's happening.
Not only that it happens in infinite number of times.
That's fucking crazy.
Cause I've heard that podcast and I,
the one that I thought was nuts was when he talks about if you go through a
black hole and then you watch the fucking universe slowly and that's,
that one's a little crazier.
Yeah.
All of it's crazy.
Well there's the,
the thing that these quantum guys are saying now is that inside every black hole
is potentially a whole nother universe and that would,
a black hole may be is a doorway to another universe and these other
universities might have completely different laws of physics.
They may be completely and they might be exactly the same.
It might just be a fractal thing.
We're inside every black hole is another universe with hundreds of billions of
galaxies and inside each one of them is another black hole.
They found out,
like,
I think it was the beginning of the 21st century or close to it,
they found out that inside every,
um,
when you look at a galaxy,
the center of every galaxy has a supermassive black hole that's like,
I think it's one half of 1% of the entire mass of the galaxy.
So the bigger the galaxy,
the bigger the black hole,
the exist in every single galaxy.
And they were like,
well,
this is madness.
Like we didn't even know this before and now we have to figure out why it's
there.
And so the most recent theory,
and they back it up with that crazy goodwill hunting math where they have a
chalkboard and,
and ends and with fucking pen Jada's in the top of them.
And you're like,
I don't even know what the fuck you're drawing.
But they say that that's what their calculations have,
uh,
have sort of revealed is that most likely every galaxy has a gateway to another
universe inside of it.
Now,
come on,
man.
Everybody knows that the earth is only 7,000 years old.
Of course,
that's,
that's what you're,
you're growing up around,
right?
100%.
And I'm talking like family members and I have had this discussion where they
say,
you know,
no,
it's about seven,
6,000,
900 something years old.
Humans are fucking older than that,
but that's what they believe.
They believe it's called young earth.
Young Earth Christians.
They believe in a young earth.
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
Right?
Absolutely.
What the fuck man did you more ronic man,
there's,
um,
there was this a recent discovery that they just found,
uh,
I wanna say somewhere in South America,
they're like drilling for,
I put it on my Twitter,
I'll try it,
see if I can find it real quick.
But they found these armadillos that are the size of cars.
They found these things that were living like just,
you know,
just the few,
few thousand years ago,
14,
20,000 years ago,
plus they found all this crazy shit that they didn't even know existed.
All these fossils and this is just one exploratory drilling where they were
trying to uh,
get to,
uh,
to,
to find out if there's like oil or something somewhere and they're like,
whoa,
leash.
I think a lot more of that is going to happen.
I mean,
what course three days ago,
like you were saying,
the biggest volcano in the solar system was discovered.
So you have to wonder what else is going to be found.
Yeah.
We said it was not as big as the one on Mars,
but like super big,
like really close Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
So imagine knowing all this and,
and having the will to have this type of infinite imagination for what the
universe is and then being told that Earth is 7,000 years old and to get your
clothes on because we're going to Sunday school.
I mean,
that's what it,
that's what it's like living there.
Yeah.
And the thing is that all those people,
those all people,
those,
they can be cured to all those.
If you separated the mall and got them all,
here it is Venezuela's Jurassic Park.
Um,
if you took all those people and gave them psychedelic experiences and,
and brought them around people that they trusted,
that were,
you know,
that had been experienced and removed from it and someone who could tell them,
listen man,
you've just fallen into a bad pattern.
Right?
You're wrong.
God doesn't hate fags.
You know,
this,
there's no such thing as a fag.
It's like there's gay people and straight people as humans and everybody has
like a different,
there's a reason why your hair is red and this guy's hair is black.
It's just genetics.
It's roll the dice.
Sometimes they turn out gang.
It's nothing wrong with it.
Like what was your worth is apparently four point whatever billion years old.
You're wrong about that.
It's been around and we've been
here for I think one 18000th of a percentage for as long as earth has been
around.
Human beings have existed.
That's how fucking short we've been here.
Yeah.
We're,
when you ever see those science shows where they show you the history of the
Earth,
Oh my God.
Like right here.
And then there's all know the Triassic area.
And I'll do all these other areas.
I mean we're,
we're like a few thousand years,
but we're changing everything.
And that small amount of time is
7,000 years,
man.
Yeah.
It's,
it's,
it's not,
it's a 7,000 years of what human civilization.
That's what they think.
They think that,
you know,
a talking snake in a fucking tree and,
uh,
a woman and a man who,
ate an apple.
And then there was,
you know,
the best part about the Bible,
I'm not sure how many times you've read it,
but it,
we have Adam and eve and Cain and Abel and,
and then it jumps like,
like a couple hundred years and it never explains all the fucking incest that
had to have happened in order to get to that point.
Because if you start with two people who have children,
I mean,
how else are they going to breed humans?
Yeah.
I just have a whole bit about Adam and eve.
Did you
the ideas,
it's pretty silly.
Yeah.
And that's,
and I think that having a son in February is what has made me go,
okay,
maybe we should get out of here because I went through it and I know how it
affected me,
but I'm not sure if I want him to be exposed to some of the shit that I was
exposed to.
The process of becoming a parent,
you want to start with nerf from the world texting your kitchens,
things that made you awesome.
Utfo man,
Brian,
pull,
pull this up cause there's a bunch of crazy photographs says out of the oil
emerges.
Venezuela's Jurassic Park.
Yeah.
Yeah,
that's it.
I mean this is a really small sample that these guys pulled up.
These paleontologists have found treasures rivaling the bountiful oil,
a giant armadillo the size of a Volkswagen,
a crocodile bigger than a bus and a saber tooth.
Tiger oil company,
surveys of the soil.
I've uncovered a trove of fossils dating from 14,000 to 370 million years ago.
Many of the 12,000 recorded specimens from the different areas and now captain,
a tiny office of office of the Venezuelan Institute for Scientific Research.
This is incredible.
The strong smell of,
Whoa,
look at that guy holding that fucking skull.
This is amazing.
A strong smell of oil fills the room.
It's the sky opens a drawer of a fine filing cabinet to reveal that tar stain
femur of a giant six ton mastodon from 25,000 years ago.
I got one tattooed on my hand.
Well,
how big is six tons?
It's a he.
That's 18 yeah.
18,000 1512 six no,
twelve thousand twelve thousand twelve thousand pounds.
Yeah.
There's a ton is 2000 pounds to 12,000 pound animal.
Oh my God.
How big is that?
Probably was a 12th how it makes her valuable.
Regular elephant.
How many tons?
A couple.
I don't know.
Maybe more than that.
Right.
You think big gala,
big ass elephant.
I don't know.
Just probably looked that up,
but this is pretty incredible stuff cause this is not like they went digging
looking for fossils.
They're looking for oil and they're finding this shit.
It's amazing.
Really,
really,
really amazing.
Okay.
Let's also lacking is reliable indication that man hunted.
The mega fauna that we're finding and lacking are also our human fossils,
which is really interesting.
It's about twice the size by the way,
that Mastodon is about the twice the size of a,
of a big African elephant.
Yeah,
about six tons.
So like a King fucking African elephant is six times and they were just walking
around.
They were just wondering around,
well,
you know,
then you think about like mega saurus or,
or how,
how many fucking tons of that those way,
you know,
mega stores.
What's a mega mega,
this is like the giant fucking version of a tyrannosaurus,
hold on,
I'm going to tell you how much these way.
And she's us
a giant tyranosaurs.
Yeah,
but they were like way bigger.
Hold on.
I'm going to tell you,
I think they believe that what was going on was that at one point in time the
uh,
the earth had a different oxygen level than it has today.
Like during the Jurassic period before the meteor impact there.
It was a much richer,
dense environment and I think it made it easier for animals to grow big and also
easier for them to move around.
That makes sense.
At the mega stores.
Uh,
I don't think that's it.
That's it.
No,
here I'm going to meg us or us.
Is that a new one?
He eats through mega low source.
Sorry.
Mega low.
Yeah.
You know another weird thing about dinosaurs men is that we only find like what
made a fossil,
when you really stop and think about how difficult it is to actually make a
fossil,
especially in an area where something is eating everything.
I mean if you live it in the ancient dinosaur days,
how long did it body sit around before somebody fucking shoot it down?
Oh fuck yeah.
And Shit it out.
Like you have to die in a mudslide in order to be preserved.
Like everything.
Just get it got eaten.
Those conti dinosaurs.
I mean nature is so good at like figuring out how to get rid of bodies.
Have you ever seen those videos of what happens when an elephant dies in Africa?
No.
It's incredible.
It's incredible how quick if there's,
they have time lapse videos of hyenas eating an elephant and how quick.
It just becomes nothing.
It's like a couple of days,
a huge ass out.
Okay,
here you go.
The biggest,
this is a Argentino saurus.
Now this is the biggest dinosaur ever.
Biggest documented dinosaur ever.
120 feet from head to tail and weighed 100 tons.
100 fucking tons.
God Damn,
that's insane.
Just one vertebrae of an Argentino source has over four feet thick.
Imagine the poop one vertebrae is four feet thick.
Four feet.
That's this wide.
That's a vertebrae.
Yeah,
four feet thick of vertebrae.
Holy Shit.
It's amazing that those things were around for hundreds of millions of years to,
that's what,
what's the most amazing thing is we think of earth and we think of us.
We can't even imagine an earth without us know our earth is is like we just got
here.
Yeah,
just got here,
Tom.
I'm going to pull up time lapse videos.
Look at that fucking thing.
Man.
Oh my God.
Is that one of the verses?
Yeah,
there's a
silence.
Silence because even though this is an audio podcast,
we're standing at dinosaur pictures,
by the way.
We're 12 what'd you say,
you 32 I'm 46 we're a little children were,
were,
were grown up little children.
Yeah.
Pull up time lapse video.
A elephant devoured in seconds.
High powered,
uh,
high speed time lab shows seven days of animals feeding on an elephant carcass.
It's fucking crazy.
In seven days it's gone.
And that's an elephant.
And that's Africa.
That's not even dinosaurs.
Dinosaurs.
You compare a Hyena to a dinosaur.
I mean,
Shit.
T rex,
they believe was most likely actually a scavenger.
Yeah,
I've heard that.
I've heard that t rex was a scavenger.
They don't know that though for a fact.
They're still trying to figure it out because they also have to take into
consideration the fact that the bodies could move differently then because the
oxygen level was different.
The problem they have with it is they look at the body of that thing and they go
help fucking big as that.
And also trying to figure out how it walked in because they have that they,
they,
there's other speculations that they would walk through rivers and they would
use the tail to balance their large,
you know,
their heads were fucking huge.
So they would walk through rivers and then they would go to the land and
scavenge to pull up the video.
Yeah.
He look at it.
Look how quick these things look at.
That's a Leopard Leopard Jack.
Cause this is after seven days.
There's leopard,
right?
Jaguars South American.
Yeah,
towards African.
Jaguar has black too.
I think some of them are,
I think some of them are actually a,
they have spot.
Oh my God.
Jesus Christ.
This Nina.
Yeah.
That's a Hyena.
Hyenas go to war I.
Ean is a monsters.
They,
they're scary fucking animals.
You've seen the video of the fucking pack of Hyenas fighting the lions and the
one where the hyenas starts like barking and,
and stop crying.
The whole gang shows up there.
There's a,
there's a Hyena that's getting bested by a couple of lines.
Yes.
So you've seen that it goes,
a male lion shows up the giant one who kills hyenas.
Well then the fucking Hyena goes and starts barking and like 40 hyenas come from
the mountains and then they go and fuck these lions up.
Yes,
they fuck up the female lions and this is one male line that's enormous that
they like a nickname for him.
You know,
he,
you comes with thunder or some crazy shit like that and he comes in and just
fucks up all these hygienists and kills them and snaps their backs.
Shit.
Have you ever seen the video of the uh,
the,
this is one of my favorite youtube.
I'm sure you've seen this,
but it's the,
the bees that get addicted to alcohol and then the,
the worker bees will rip their legs off so they can no longer be a part of the
hive.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
Very nice.
Fuck the wild.
That's all I have to say.
Fuck all that shit.
Pull up a lion's versus hyenas.
It's the very first video.
This is a,
a confrontation between two eternal African enemies.
See when I was a kid,
I used to think hyenas were like a nice,
like dogs,
like you could go up and
they're so evil.
There's a story of a woman who was,
um,
she was a trainer.
She would train hyenas and uh,
one day she got limp,
so like twisted her ankle and these hyenas that had been listening to her and
following her directions couldn't resist and just dove on her,
grab a hold of her calf and clamped down on her,
took schunk off of her.
When they find,
if they see you're limping,
they,
they literally came out and help us.
They can't help it.
That's what their instincts are for.
They're the cleanup crew.
This isn't a good video.
This isn't the one we wanted as one that has,
uh,
the,
the actual confrontation lions versus hyenas.
Terrible fight.
That's it.
Yeah.
They,
uh,
that's a hard world,
man.
It's a hard fucking scrabble world living out there with lions and hyenas.
But my point being is that we were not really totally sure of how many different
animals were alive.
We only have what got trapped in mud and we have a good amount of those over the
course of hundreds of millions of years of dinosaurs.
But it's very possible that a few slip through and we just,
we're eating.
The craziest thing to think is that 99% of all documented animals are extinct.
And then history.
That's incredible.
It is incredible.
Up to a hundred different species alone go extinct per day in the rain forest
because there's so many different pods of the rain forest where just an isolated
species could be living like a mutant,
a grasshopper or something and they go extinct every single day.
Yeah.
And when they find something like this,
uh,
this crazy Venezuelan,
Jurassic Park type thing,
and they find all these new animals,
it's like you really have to wonder how many of these have not been found.
I mean,
how many they found that hobbit guy just to a few years ago and the early two
thousands.
I believe it.
What does that Lucy,
is that with them?
No,
no,
no.
Lucy was an ancient and actual ancient hominid.
Uh,
that was like the ancestor to man.
This is a completely different branch of,
of the the,
the,
the primate tree.
This is like these humanoids,
this little hobbit things.
They live on this place called the island of Flores and as recently as 14,000
years ago,
these motherfuckers,
there were three
foot tall tiny people.
They use stone tools.
They had like a little tiny brains and little tiny bodies,
but they looked fairly humanlike.
Yeah.
They were like little hobbit people and they were,
there were a real animal that lived alongside human beings through most of our
Jesus Christ.
They might even still be alive.
That's what's interesting to see it.
You know what?
I don't,
it was 10 years ago maybe or maybe not even that long,
where the helicopter over the Amazon found that small tribe of people that had
turned out to be a hoax.
That was a hoax.
Yeah,
the one,
they're painted red and you're fucking belly.
That was a hung out.
Jesus Christ.
That's terrible.
I loved that.
I loved that story where they were like holding the,
going,
trying to shoot their arrows.
At the helicopter.
It was at universal studios.
Jesus.
No,
it wasn't a university studios was good.
It was a hoax.
I don't know why they hoaxed it.
Why?
No,
no,
no.
That's
find out Amazon natives hoax.
They didn't realize that we host most,
uh,
googled show ever.
I can't believe that.
I don't know.
Focus Fukushima.
And what does it feel good and Amazon hoax.
Yeah.
There's a lot of shit you don't know son Damn man on that fake on uncontacted
Amazon tribe is a hoax.
Oh,
it turns out it's not entirely true.
The photographer that took the picture,
Jose Carlos has admitted that the tribe has in fact been known about since 1910
he created the hoax in order to call attention to the dangers of the logging
industry.
Okay.
But still,
okay.
So let's say that it is true that they've only been known about since 19.
There's still real and,
and that still means that there's certain things that we probably have no idea
are alive right now.
I mean,
even other forms of smaller forms of humans or,
uh,
people that are further back and the evolutionary tree.
Yeah.
You know,
I mean there could be a small island,
but those little fucking habit people,
like you were saying,
that's what they're saying
is that this a homo floresiensis that's the actual uh,
animal,
the actual human being that existed,
it was three feet tall and uh,
they lived off the island of Flores in Indonesia.
Well there's an animal that are a thing that they call the Orang Pendek that
these locals have been describing for decades.
And it's exactly like this hobbit thing,
little three foot tall human being that until when they discovered this,
I think they discovered it in like,
I want to say like 2003 or something.
Two Studies.
Okay.
2005 and 2007.
So it's really fucking recent.
And up until then they thought this Orang Pendek was just bullshit.
But the Orang Pendek now they think might be this homo floresiensis that's
living in very small isolated numbers and hiding from people.
Because if it's,
if it's smart enough to be using tools and you're dealing with the jungle,
this thing might actually be still alive.
And he relation to bigfoot cousin.
This is really cousin cause bigfoot can play basketball and all he could do was
be a jockey.
It's um,
yeah,
these,
they actually,
okay.
Sumatra is where,
uh,
they,
they find it.
I don't think it's,
it's,
I think it's very possible that this thing is real.
The,
the uh,
animals allegedly been seed in documented for at least 100 years by forest
tribes,
local village villagers,
Dutch colonists and Western scientists and travelers.
Consensus among witnesses is that the animals are ground dwelling bipedal
primate that is covered in short for and stands,
which we in 30 and 60 inches tall.
It's basically the same size or rang Penn deck is what it's called.
I mean,
knowing that this animal used to be real as recently as 14,000 years ago and
lived alongside human beings really makes me wonder,
it's kind of fascinating and again,
it's look completely fascinating.
Thousand fucking five.
That's a blink ago.
Let's even,
that's
so recent.
There's so much shit we don't know about what was here.
It's kind of weird when you stop and think about it.
You live your life and you're just kinda going on momentum.
Momentum,
going to school,
graduating and having a family doing your thing and then all around you is this
world that has sort of been established and you have this idea of what it is and
know,
you know that used to be the pilgrims and they came here and this,
when you really start getting the big picture of how recently we got here,
how much change has taken place,
how 200 300 years ago there was fucking nobody here,
no cities,
no nothing.
And then you realize 200 years ago,
it's just two lifetimes in a row,
two lifetimes in a row ago,
there's fucking slavery,
there's people riding around on wagon trains and shit.
200 years before that and nothing.
So in four lifetimes,
zero American Indians,
they didn't even have horses back then.
A lot of the American Indians before the Europeans came,
they were fucking just complete like nomadic tribal people,
bows and arrows wandering around,
persistent hunting.
Sometimes it's madness.
And,
and what's even more maddening is thinking about a lifetime from now.
What's going to happen.
I mean it's,
it's fucking skynet,
man.
Total recall.
Like it.
That's where it's going.
I feel it coming.
Sometimes I feel it coming when I get high.
I know that sounds so stupid,
but no,
but I'm serious.
I get,
there's a feeling I get sometimes I'm going gonna try to,
I'm going to try to say this in a way that's going to make as much sense as
possible,
but there's a feeling I get sometimes when I get really high and I start
contemplating things,
especially if I get in the tank,
I get this feeling like something's coming.
I get this feeling like we're going like as a,
as a society,
as a culture,
we're going to be overwhelmed by a new version of what we're experiencing now.
A new version of technology that's shaping our lives right now,
but a virgin that's so immersive and so the,
the drags us into it and makes us become a part of it so deeply that we may
never have a life like this again.
And sometimes I really like take into account the life that we do live that you
can just shut off your phone,
that you can just get in your car.
Turn the radio off and just hear the engine is you drive up Mulholland and do
whatever the fuck that might be gone.
There might be a time where Mac lethal can never disappear,
that you will always be tracked.
I mean,
you will always,
someone will always know where you are.
You will always be in touch.
You will always be connected.
You'll be always on,
you know,
that is 100% comment.
Yeah,
that's coming at freaks me out,
man.
It freaks me out.
Yeah.
That's um,
but I think it's inevitable,
but it's still freaks me out.
I mean,
no,
I mean I think,
I think we're closer to it than probably most people do.
I mean,
I think that could probably do that.
We could probably do some variation of that now.
Well,
I think you and I may be a little more in tuned to it because we spent so many
time,
so much time using the internet.
Both benefited from it.
Um,
being shocked by it,
but seeing you to just the experiences,
the amount of shit that you interact with because of the Internet.
It's so different than our parents.
It's so hard.
They had no access to.
We have access to everything at the snap of a finger.
And there's this perception that the world has gotten worse and as a darker,
more exploitative place.
And I don't necessarily believe that's true.
I just believe that we're exposed to every facet,
every artery of the world now.
And we just now see how sick of a place it is.
And it's,
it's made us hyper connected to everything that's always happened here.
And when our parents were here and before the Internet,
they didn't have that type of access.
They lived in more of a Pleasantville type of bubble.
And it's,
it's,
it's terrifying and fascinating equally.
Well,
I have a love hate relationship with,
um,
what's going on right now with our culture as far as,
uh,
the influence of,
um,
uh,
very aggressive progressive people.
Um,
whether it is a feminist like radical feminism or whether it's,
um,
you know,
veganism or I'll make fun of that stuff a lot.
But there's a part of me that recognizes that what we're seeing with,
uh,
with whether it's radical feminism or you know,
fighting against transphobia or fighting against homophobia or any of these
things.
Well,
what we're seeing is a,
is a culture that's become aware of the imbalances in a way that's never been
possible before.
There's a,
a level of communication that's never been possible for massive communities of
online people who are,
whether they're progressive or feminists or you know,
Anti Trans phobic or transgender supportive.
They've,
they've formed like these aggressive communities that sometimes they're a bit
misguided in their approach,
attacking people for beliefs that they believe,
whether it's humor or whatever they feel like doesn't,
like I read this blog where this one person was like,
I'm attacking all trans phobic humor online.
And then,
um,
and part of me was like,
okay,
I see what she's doing.
Or She's trying to,
um,
expose what she feels is gross behavior,
but she's exposing it and she is saying humor and she's saying that it's lazy
and it's this and that.
And that's when I got to go,
okay,
look,
everybody's funny.
You know,
I'm funny.
I,
I in my head,
I don't have any hair on it.
I used to,
I shaved it.
I have a scar in the back of my hand for where I had a hair transplant operation
where they take the hair and they put it,
I you stupid.
You had a hear transplant hair turns.
Yeah,
when I'm like in the 90 [inaudible] and then they slice out of the back of your
head like a piece of meat and then they take the hairs and they put them in
individual plugs.
So wait,
wait,
wait.
What?
How did that work?
It doesn't,
it doesn't work very well.
How many works a little?
I had hair obviously,
but it was starting to fall out still.
Like the other hair was starting to fall out.
Say now I'm left with these,
what I described it as like taking a bunch of healthy people,
move them to a neighborhood where everyone's dying.
She's stupid idea.
So they eventually die too?
No,
no,
no.
They don't die.
They stay permanently cause they're the Harris from the back of your head.
The hairs on the back of your head are genetically programmed to stay.
It's why when dudes go bald,
they still have that like weird sure thing at the back of their head.
And that's where the logic comes from,
where they can move that here and yeah.
So but why doesn't it,
I don't understand why it doesn't work.
It does work.
It just doesn't work good enough.
It's not good.
And the rest of the hair wants to fall out.
So I was using Rogaine for that and I was using Propecia before,
but pro leisure kill Mondraker really is your crew.
And my bigger song,
it didn't kill my Dicky,
but it didn't make my Dickies happened.
You ever tried to,
this is what I have.
Yeah,
that's it.
It works kind of.
It puts it out.
I found that nioxin cause I have male pattern baldness too.
I just wear a hat and grow it out back here.
So it looks like I'm sexy as shit,
but it,
it,
it gave me little baby hairs like it you can get a little bit,
but they weren't real hairs.
They were paid going,
it's going,
it's gone.
If it's going,
it's going,
it's Outta here.
You can do some stuff to keep it on.
But man,
it's tough action.
And uh,
I always tell people that the back of my head is a public service announcement.
Like if you could look at my scar and you could go,
do you want one of those stupid things that there's to remind you don't do what
I did and I'm happy like this.
I like having a shaved head.
It's,
it's very liberating to me.
I know.
It's nice.
Is it true that Anderson Silva hair will not grow or is that him trolling?
Did he really burn all his hair off of his head with the hair product and when
he was 20 years old and has no idea.
I never been heard that.
But no,
he says that as he says,
he doesn't shave his head.
He says he burnt all his hair off.
Oh,
he might be trolling.
He trolls a lot.
I know he travels a lot with it.
He said,
you know,
he had stuff,
Steven Seagal in his camp.
Now he's going to bring in Chuck Norris.
Saw that time,
not the Chuck Norris isn't a excellent martial artist and was a legit world
champion.
And if I was going to take martial arts instruction from people I've fucking for
sure would take martial arts instructor and he trained with Nora.
John,
Jack,
Michelle.
Oh yeah.
He's a black belt under John.
John Badass.
Then how do you feel,
what do you think about Weidman silver too?
I Dunno.
Um,
my point,
what I was getting at before that we got really sidetracked,
but I would be happy to talk to my,
I,
you,
my point is,
I make fun of myself.
You know,
I make fun of everybody and if you're,
you're going to call someone Trans phobic cause they make fun of certain
trainees.
There's a fucking guy who's 50 years old is six foot five is playing women's
college basketball.
If you don't make fun of that,
you're an asshole.
Okay.
And if he doesn't realize that he looks ridiculous being six foot five 50 year
old man competing with 18 year old girls and pretending he's a girl or you know,
being a female now I understand that,
but the fact that you get a reset,
he did all his college credits,
we played all his college sports as a male,
but then when you change gender,
you get a reset and you're allowed to go in with zero.
That's overly progressive.
It's overly progressive and my opinions on,
there's a woman that has been competing as an MMA fight of Allen,
we have as a male is 30 years.
Shit,
it's total bull shit because his it,
its body is fuck fuck.
It's a man's body.
Well not only that,
there's changes,
there's an absolute changes that take place,
but the,
those science that everyone's like trying to quote like the really super
progressive people who are like,
you know,
there's good science to support that.
You know,
you really become a woman.
You lose your bone density.
No there's not.
There's not,
not only that,
there's the amount of science that you are getting is all coming from either
transgender or doctors or people who are in involved in the transgender
procedure or monitoring what happens to a person.
There's never been a documented study of taking a male athlete that's been a
male for 30 plus years comparing.
They're the skills that they learned as a male,
by the way,
with a completely different muscle structure,
completely different bone structure.
The mechanical frame is different.
The shape of the torsos different that the whiteness of the shoulders,
the size of the hand,
the hips,
and the reaction time.
The big one is the reaction time.
And this one that I want to hear people quoting,
there's been a 10% it's studied,
studied 10% variation between men and females.
Men have a 10% quicker reaction time.
Crazy.
When it comes to striking.
That is a big deal.
That is a gigantic deal.
That might be the difference between Roy Jones Jr being the top of the world and
Charlie Jones Jr getting knocked.
Sure.
Yeah.
10% is big and you know,
and but in,
in talking about this,
I became transphobic too.
A lot of these super ultra progressive people.
And that's why I say that I have this love hate relationship with this idea
because I think the love is I am,
I am all for everyone being able to be themselves.
I'm all for you being whatever you want to be,
whether it's transgender or gay or you know,
cross dressing.
And I have a friend who works with a crossdresser and he's not gay,
but he at work is a woman.
And when he goes home,
he changes and he goes home and it becomes a man again.
And he has a family and everything and doesn't want to have a sex change
operation.
But he wants to wear women's clothes at work and he wants to be referred to as a
woman.
And so they don't,
you know,
sh they work for a big company and it's a gigantic corporation.
They allow it.
It's a very progressive company.
And I think that's bad ass who gives a shit.
If a guy wants to wear a dress,
you know,
I want to wear a purse.
I wish I could wear a fucking purse.
But you know,
I get mocked.
I think,
um,
I think the,
the love hate relationship that I'm talking about is that people are realizing
that they do have a say because of this new electronic media,
because of the fact that you can post a blog that,
you know,
start to debate and,
and,
and exposes people to these ideas.
Like,
here's one of them that's been coming up a lot recently and it's that having sex
with a drunk person is rape and it's,
it's,
uh,
it's there.
I mean,
there you are.
So not necessarily,
so if you're drunk in another person's drunk,
so which one is guilty then?
Both.
So you're,
it's you're raping.
Oh my God.
Listen,
I'm not joking around,
man.
It's an inch.
But here's what I love about it.
Okay.
What I love about it is I don't necessarily agree with it and why,
why don't look,
there was a,
there's a man named Michael Shermer.
Michael Shermer is a very famous skeptic and he's being charged by this other
guy was just radical male feminist.
He's being charged with rape.
Um,
we,
in his blog he says that he has,
has taken advantage of the,
what the language is very strange that this guy uses to describe the situation
where he says,
and he didn't,
he wasn't even told to him.
It was told to someone else and then told to him.
So it's all very sketch,
but the languages that Michael Shermer got her into a position where she was
unable to consent and then had sex with her.
I don't know exactly what that means,
what,
what they're implying by all the other corroborating stories is that he likes to
get women drunk.
And there was another woman who said that she met him at a party and he kept her
wine glass full and she got drunker than she ever used to and she was really
embarrassed by that.
And somehow or another she blames him for the fact that she got drunk,
but they're trying to isolate a pattern that this guy does,
which is apparently get women drunk and have sex with them.
And my point is,
first of all,
there's a broad spectrum of what is drunk.
And if you say that having sex with anyone who's drunk is rape,
what if they have one drink and they're kind of tipsy and they get horny and
they love you and they're attracted to you?
Is that still rape?
Like that's bananas.
If it's two drinks,
what is it?
Okay.
If it's six shots and a beer and you're fucking a hundred pounds,
yes.
I would say that's rape.
Like you,
if you're sober and that person's fucked up and you go,
hey,
don't worry about it.
Just lie down here.
Oh,
well are your parents coming off?
Hey,
well as my dick in your mouth,
don't consider that.
That's rape.
You're,
if you're sober and you're taking advantage of someone who's not unconscious,
that's fine.
If someone conscious yeah,
low lying on the bed,
blacking out,
and you're taking their pants off.
I think that's right.
But I think it's hard to quantify,
you know,
if they have six shots and a beer,
if they have an alcohol tolerance that's through the roof.
I mean,
how do you,
how do you discern between what's,
what their alcohol tolerance is and how much they can handle?
A good point.
It's a good point.
The idea is that after a certain point,
you're impaired,
period.
And for you to take advantage of that person in that state that's akin to rape.
And what is interesting about this is even though I don't agree with that,
the blanket statement is that they forced the debate now and they've forced this
really age old problem of creepy dudes getting women drugged and then having sex
with them,
which is fucking rape.
How many people have you talked to that are female that think their drink got
mickied?
I've,
I've been a part of it.
I've seen it happen to a date.
I took a girl out.
We were,
it was one of my shows,
one of my old shows when I was about 22 years old,
a girl that I was with.
Um,
uh,
a guy approached her and gave her a drink and she was talking to him and she,
she ended up on her ass.
I mean,
couldn't think,
couldn't see straight,
couldn't stand up straight and it drove me.
I had no idea what was going on with her.
But within like a matter of 15 minutes,
completely fucking in Nibr,
he aided,
unable to,
uh,
speak,
had to carry your home,
woke up the next day,
had no idea what happened.
She got fucking roof feed.
Fucking roofie.
It does.
And it happens all the time.
It's not just Ruthie's is GHB.
They slipped GHB into people's drinks and a Cox amount.
It happens all the time,
all over the world.
And it's sort of a thing that we know about but isn't discussed that often.
And I,
what I like about what these radical feminists have done is they've opened up
this conversation.
Sure.
Now people are talking about it and they're debating it.
Whether or not it's true.
Well,
what is that rape?
That's rape,
not it's not rape.
And in that argument they forced the dialogue,
which I think is brilliant and it's a real legit dialogue and it's an important
subject because there are people that do drug people and take advantage of
people.
But to call anytime a two consenting adults have a few drinks together and then
have sex to call that rape I think is fucking crazy.
I mean like my wife and I will get a little tipsy together and my raping,
my wife,
dude,
this woman on Twitter literally had a campaign and a blog post about it saying
that people are sad on Twitter when they found out that the rapists,
because they disagreed with her and this blanket statement of any time like even
if it's your spouse,
why do that if they can't consent?
And what she's saying is if you're drunk,
you can't consent.
It's a fascinating argument.
I don't agree with it,
but it's fascinating that it's made people angry.
It started this debate,
it's got people talking and that puts the energy on this very real issue.
Sure.
But another guy had an incredible point,
like how could it possibly be that that's the only time where you're not
responsible for your actions is sex.
If I get you drunk and then you decide to get in a car and drive home,
is it my responsibility?
If you come over my house and we're both the same age,
we drink wine together and you get in your car and you slam into a tree,
did I force you to drive drunk?
If you're a man,
no.
If you're a woman denied,
Well,
how if were both drinking and then sex is involved,
how are we not both responsible for,
you know,
this situation is considered aiding and abetting.
I got in trouble when I was 17 years old.
I got adjudicated
of two felonies,
which is basically means I was 17 and not old enough to be convicted of them.
And we were at a party on the first night of spring break at a house party with
a bunch of my friends.
I went to an alternative school.
So there were a little more edgy,
like Mexican and black gangster kids and,
and we were all there and there was a car on the driveway and a girl came into
the party and said,
there's two skinheads outside in this car.
So 1516 of these dudes went outside and surrounded this car and about four metal
tpx bats came out of this garage and they beat all the windows out of the car,
jumped on the windshield,
cracked it,
got the guys out,
beat shit out of them with bats,
with bats.
Now here's,
here's where it gets fucked up.
So there was some like Swat team test mission going on about two blocks away and
they heard what was going on.
So we're all standing there watching these kids beat the ever living fuck out of
these skinheads.
And I don't even know if they were skinheads,
but all the sudden,
like 2030 cops rolled up in bulletproof vests,
fucking black fatigues on machine guns and shit.
Well,
here's what's fucked up.
I never laid a single finger on any of these kids.
And I got in trouble because I had a cell phone in my pocket and I didn't call
the cops and they called it aiding and abetting.
And that's the same fucking logic.
And I never understood because our argument was,
well,
if I would have pulled my phone out to call the police,
maybe one of the kids with the bats,
what bat would have hurt me or hitting me.
You know,
it's,
it's very convoluted and fucking,
I don't think that's the same logic because,
um,
you,
you can't be responsible for keeping track of how many drinks and other adults
has.
Especially like at a party.
If someone's having a party at your house and you're all drinking together,
and maybe you might not even know,
but Mike had some whiskey and you didn't see him and he got fucked up and you
thought he only had one glass of wine,
you'd be fine.
Fine.
I don't think that's aiding and abetting.
I think if you're at a bar,
I think it becomes an issue.
But I think that my point was if you see that they're,
they're drunk and then they get into Reichle and you don't proactively try to
prevent them or try to keep them there.
That's an interesting question.
I wonder what your responsibility is.
Who they're coming from your house.
Yeah,
it might.
You might have some responsibility if you actually gave them the alcohol,
but I just said great.
Where I draw issue,
because there has to be,
at some point people have to have personal accountability.
Absolutely.
And there's no personal responsibility for all adults.
Not just because you're a woman,
you're you,
you get to skirt it.
Nope,
no pun intended.
Because the fact that you're a woman,
it's not,
that doesn't make any sense to me.
If you're at a party and you have some drinks with someone and someone keeps
pouring you drinks and then you try to accuse them of getting you drunk or than
you normally would,
and you use that as sort of a corroboration that this guy likes to get women
drunk.
Like,
man,
you've made some fucking crazy leaps there.
It sounds to me like a guy's offering you drinks you apparently said yes to
because you like drinking.
Exactly like there's some madness there.
There's,
there's some madness,
but it does in the thing I like about it,
it does open up this debate of people being fucking creepy and drugging people
and treating them as less than human so that they can just shoot loads into
them.
So you like,
as long as all of these issues have an open and somewhat passionate dialogue
going on that that's more what you're interested in does.
They don't though.
That's what's interesting.
These progressive blogs,
the free thinking blog,
this guy puts it on,
they stifle even civil debates so quickly and harshly.
Anybody who thinks that this Michael Shermer guys being unfairly accused and he
doesn't have his day in court.
And what about his point of view?
You're supposed to be skeptical and yet you've taken this second hand account of
a situation and posting it as evidence without talking to the other person and
everyone knows that personal experiences and the memories of personal
experiences are extremely inaccurate.
Not only that,
there's a lot that happens when people sober up,
they start attaching a bunch of remorse and all kinds of other shit that things,
and sometimes people have a psychological ailment where forces them to cause
other people or blame other people for their own shortcomings.
There's a lot,
we all know a lot of people that do that.
Yes.
And so you have to take into account all those things when you're using a
personal account of a situation.
I've learned that the hard way.
I've backed people up before it and then found out that there are probably full
of Shit,
you know,
later on like you're like,
oh,
well why didn't you fucking tell me that?
Like you didn't,
you left that out man.
So this guy I think fucked up and doing this in a big way,
but he did open the debate and the debate is being like really,
uh,
passionately argued.
I think he's also fucking up and showing why he did it in the first place by
stifling any civil discourse on his own blog,
calling them trolls and saying they're too stupid to enter into this debate.
Has all sorts of Ad Hominem attacks and anybody who has even a civil
disagreement,
I mean the,
the,
the people that they've shown,
like a couple of people have made videos of this showing how ridiculous the
banning of people that disagree with no disrespectful language at all.
Just band,
you know,
from this guy's boy,
everyone is like super ultra supportive.
And then I've looked on other boards and it's entirely the opposite.
Everyone is completely skeptical of this and,
and saying that this is White Knight Horse Shit to the extreme and that this
guy's an attention whore and this is not skeptical.
This is not,
there's nothing skeptical or free thinking about this and that this is,
this is also a problem with blogging about something is that you're,
you're not getting a dialogue.
You're getting one person who gets to express themselves in a,
we're rambling,
verbose way.
Whereas if you're having a dialogue,
someone can have a statement,
then someone could say,
well that's not true because of this.
And then we'll go,
oh,
I thought that,
no,
this was actually the case.
And now you've got a dialogue where you're trying to reenact the information as
it actually took place.
You're dealing with multiple parties.
That's the only way to get a really accurate assessment of what happened.
And even then it's skewed.
People,
they,
they'll,
the one person will be more passionate.
They,
although there will be better at describing things,
the other person may,
maybe their memory's not as good and it's,
it's,
it's hard.
It's hard to recreate a situation completely accurately and you don't do it.
And a third hand account on a fucking blog,
you just don't,
you don't get.
And to pretend that you do is asinine.
And it,
it shows me that you're using your fucking ego and your ego has been involved in
this discussion.
Your ego to the point where you want your point to be absolutely correct and an
inarguable,
and that's bullshit.
But that's 99% of blogging.
Yeah.
But it shouldn't be that way when you're talking about a guy who was an
[inaudible] guy's a professor,
the guys who professor and the support him,
the blog is called free thinking.
I mean,
it's like,
it's so silly.
It's like everything that free thinking isn't it?
It's like here you just have failed an intelligence test in a massive,
massive way because you think,
and the arguments are so strange.
One of them,
I saw a,
I've seen several,
this one theme that keeps repeating itself over and over again as it,
even if this guy's unjustly shamed,
like it may be necessary to protect women to unnecessarily shame people who are
innocent.
And I saw that and I said that's crazy thinking cause it's never necessary to
unnecessarily shame somebody that's not,
you don't,
you don't like throw out.
That's like which trial shit.
You know,
you don't throw out accusations of witchcraft unnecessarily so that you find the
necessary witches and abolish them from your community.
Like that's no,
never.
It's never okay to unnecessarily accuse someone of something they didn't do.
So if they get unduly or unjustly accused,
it's okay if a few women are safe.
No it's not.
It's a massive injustice against one person who is unjustly accused of a crime
that he absolutely didn't commit.
I'm not saying that he did or he didn't,
but that's a possibility as well.
And it's not being considered at all by any of these people and they're basing
it on personal accounts and the guy's creepy and this and that.
Like maybe he is,
he may,
he may very well be,
but as a person who calls yourself free thinking,
you Ho you have a responsibility and absolute responsibility to be objective
about this idea and you're not being objective about it.
You're looking at it through this massive,
uh,
progressive,
ideological standpoint.
Fucking crazy man.
Yeah,
it's interesting.
It's,
it's,
but I,
I like it.
What I like about it is not that this guy is,
I'm being unjustly accused.
What I like about it is that we're having these really interesting dialogues now
that I don't think took place on a large scale before.
And I find it along with all the other things that are shaping human culture
because of the Internet.
I find it all to be really,
I hate to say it sounds pretentious potential say so stimulating,
but it is kind of stimulating.
It's stimulating it.
It's fascinating and it's all like bubbling up around us and changing at a rate
that I don't think we're even recognizing,
man.
I think the rate is so rapid and so massive.
94 whenever the Internet became popular for the wild west man.
Yeah,
I mean everybody has
platform and everybody has a voice and the ability to do it in a different or
original way,
and it's all about if they can draw the attention to themselves and it's
redistributing the power of,
of who has a voice and who doesn't,
and that's the,
it's the fucking wild west all over again.
The roaring twenties of the digital era.
That's what I've been calling it.
That's how it feels to me.
Yeah,
man.
It's like it's,
it's new,
it's uncharted and it's alive.
It's electric and all these different people,
whether I agree with them or not,
whether I think they're flawed or not,
and a lot of them are flawed and I'm flawed too,
but this,
this input and this,
these new ideas that are encouraging all of this debate and all this discussion,
I think it's amazing.
I think it's,
it's one of the most amazing events in our,
in our entire history,
the history of our culture crowning achievement as far as,
yeah,
I mean honestly,
yeah.
I think it's,
we're,
we're dealing with one of the most unique times in human history and it's just
sort of snuck up on us and Mac lethal.
You're a part of it,
bitch.
I love it.
You are right.
Everybody was,
all those youtube people with their crazy edits do it.
Couldn't,
like there are major record labels that would pay that.
Look at my youtube channel is just an invaluable resource that would pay
millions of dollars to be able to get the amount of subscribers I have because
they can't do it because people aren't interested in them.
People aren't interested in these huge record labels are these huge entities
that that produce,
you know,
homogenized generic music anymore and it's,
it's really rebellious.
And for example,
Russell sentence just launched a youtube channel called all def digital and he's
essentially throwing millions of dollars all over the place to try to beef up
his internet presence and be a part of this.
And I don't think he's going to be very successful doing it.
Why,
how come he's,
I mean he's just had a touch,
uh,
you know,
his,
his time was in the 80s and the early nineties when he could promote in New York
City and wheat paste flyers and posters to walls and,
and throw parties and he doesn't understand the internet and how it works.
And you know,
the Internet requires a lot of humility and patience and constantly evolving and
constantly engaging in dialog,
a creative dialogue being free thinking.
And I don't think that people like that understand that.
That's interesting.
There was a lot of people that are trying to capitalize off of youtube right now
because youtube and Google have launched Google fiber.
Do you want,
do you guys have Google fiber out here?
Do we have a fat hundred megabyte up and down per second connect that we had to
have installed like a high speed business lines.
Yeah,
it's dope.
So I think Google fiber is a megabytes
a second,
right?
Is it a thousand megs?
A second?
I think so.
He's,
it's a thousand megabytes a second.
Well here's what they did.
There's a place called Wyandotte county in Kansas City and it's like this kind
of like white trash,
lower middle class area of Kansas.
It's a very odd place for them to do this,
but this is where they beta tested Google fiber and everybody in the county has
it.
And essentially what they're doing is for $150 a month that they connect their,
their,
their fiber cable to your house and you get a thousand megabyte per second up
and down,
you get 700 something original youtube channels that are directly accessible by
your television.
And then you get all the network TV channels and a phone.
And essentially what they're trying to do is topple over.
Network TV is,
so about a year ago,
Google through like $70 billion at like 700 800 different people to create
original content on youtube for rail,
Williams,
CNN,
all these different people got these billion dollar investments and they said,
make us new content,
make us content that is going to shut down cable TV.
And that's what everybody's doing right now.
So it's a fucking very fascinating and very exciting time.
I'm waiting for someone to come along and do like a game of Thrones online.
Oh,
that's going to happen.
Especially because we're going to have four k accessibility now.
I mean,
your phone on your phone,
you're going to be able to use your Samsung Galaxy and fucking film game of
Thrones,
season five.
I mean,
it's on,
it's on.
And that's what I love about all of this is I,
when I was coming up,
I knew that I was maybe a little too weird,
maybe a little too different to ever have a song on the radio.
I don't have the sex appeal that some of these,
you know,
preppy Douche bag rappers have or I'm not edgy enough for whatever it is.
So I always knew I was going to have to connect with people one by one and build
my own empire in the late nineties this was just creating my own music at my
house,
sending off $1,000 getting a thousand cds manufactured in,
selling them out of the trunk of my car and one by one building my own fan base.
Then as the two thousands progressed and the Internet got bigger,
I realize people are getting online to listen to and find out about new music.
So I jumped on that shit a long fucking time ago.
Never sought out trying to make a radio single,
never tried to get on a major record label.
I've had major record label deal offers in the past couple of years.
I've turned down because the money isn't good enough,
but I always knew that a visual Bragg was that a humble brag?
Sorry about that.
Let me take that back.
[inaudible] humble brags or,
okay.
Okay.
Five part of life.
Fine.
Yeah,
they were on my Dick.
So I just always knew that independent music with the,
with the Internet,
when Sean Parker created Napster and we realized,
found out that they could take a very,
uh,
heavy,
big sized Wav file and compress it down to a three or four megabyte MP3.
That was the death of the music business as we knew it then there was no way
record stores were going to stay open.
There was no way records and cds we're going to sell like they used to.
And it was only a matter of time before the Internet got more exposure,
got faster,
people got on new computers and could download music.
And once that happened,
it changed the game,
completely revolutionized it.
So all these major record labels and all these huge platinum selling artist were
completely shut down.
And then people like me had a lane.
And while we're not as big as,
you know,
some of these huge artists,
backstreet boys or whoever the fuck people,
like a mortal technique who I know you've had on here or me,
we're able to use things like youtube to directly connect to our fans and that's
what's so exciting about Google fiber is it's,
it's making it even better.
We're going to be able to put money into the shit that we do and have fucking
big semi decent productions and we don't have to rely on any major record label,
any television network,
anything.
It's fucking wild west man.
Yeah,
yeah.
Well we're getting real legitimate sponsors now.
We're going to look real companies and stamps.com they don't have a choice where
I they're going to go,
well not only that and we were refused to do like a real commercial,
like I don't really read it.
I just sort of say I say their points but I say it the way I want to do it and
that only do it in the beginning.
I won't interrupt any of this.
They wanted to stop.
Like,
there's a lot of guys that are doing it now.
They're doing it like a TV show.
They stop every 15 minutes.
Hey,
that's an interesting point medically.
So you know,
what else is interesting?
Stamps dot.
Tom,
if you have a business and they're doing it that way and I don't want to do it
that way.
Well you don't have to.
We don't have to because we didn't.
And because it's sort of became something very popular without that.
Yeah.
And you've got,
as long as you have the people paying attention,
that's all that matters.
You're,
you're directly connected to them and you don't need them.
You just don't need them.
And that's what it is.
I've used youtube and Facebook and Twitter to do is just get my weird music out
there and my weird blogs out there and a lot of people liked them and that's
what's so fucking cool about it.
Yeah.
I liked him.
This is very cool about it.
Yeah.
I mean,
I appreciate it.
We're both a part of that,
um,
sort of thing where people found something that they just liked.
I,
I've done a lot of different things,
whether it's fear factor and news radio or the UFC or what have you,
but I don't really use any of those things to promote this podcast.
I never have.
This podcast sort of kind of found itself pretty organically and that just,
you know,
I don't,
I don't know how it happened.
It just sorta happened.
Do you feel that from your days on fear factor too,
now that you've had several stages of,
of reimagining your image or maybe the people you've exposed yourself in
different platforms so people learned more about who you are?
Like because when I used to see you on fear factor,
I would have never guessed that you would fucking get in an isolation tank and
take four grams of mushrooms and,
and think about,
you know,
all of us having a collective conscious or something.
But then the more I learned about you through youtube because you are on youtube
real early and I would just see these videos and be like,
dude,
this dude is dope.
And he's into like some cerebral shit.
And do you feel like this has helped people understand you better as a person?
Well,
tell me,
explain me better.
I mean we,
we,
everyone loves to pigeon hole and if I didn't know me I would certainly pigeon
hole me.
Yeah,
that happens.
Fucking meathead Douche bag,
making people eat bugs.
I wouldn't want to listen to me talk about anything philosophical or anything
that I think,
uh,
but one of the things about doing something like a fear factor where you,
you,
you gained financial freedom is you also gain the freedom to speak your mind
because you're not worried about the repercussions.
I've,
I always had standup comedy and I made money on fear factor and then I've always
had the UFC.
I don't have to worry about speaking my mind.
And that has allowed me to have some freedom.
And then doing a podcast allow me to have a platform where I get to express
myself,
people fucking whatever weirdness.
And then we were,
no one's perfect,
you know,
everyone has flaws.
Everyone had.
We changed from day to day depending upon our stress level and what emotional
shit we're dealing with our personal life,
our business life or what have you.
That we very,
we all have a a lot of variation and in our behavior,
but when you talk to someone or you hear someone talk for hours and hours and
hours and hours over the course of x amount of years,
you get an idea of who the fuck they are really.
Do you really do get,
they can't hide.
You can't hide three hours a day every fucking day you're going to expose
yourself and in in that,
I think there's never been a vehicle ever that's allowed people to get to know
people like they can off of the Internet,
like what they can from podcasts has never existed and before artists used to be
almost flawless,
the,
you couldn't see their flaws and and people gravitated towards that and now it's
almost like people are more drawn towards people that do have flaws that they
sometimes disagree with.
It's like an elevated version of what a rock star used to be because a rock star
used to be this a theory or creative sexual being that there could do no wrong.
But I think that we elevated beyond that and now people want to know that this
mother fucker might say some shit that I'm going to disagree with sooner.
Like Louie,
how he's,
he,
he can't stop eating and he's,
he's Chubby and the little how to shape and balding,
but that's what people gravitate towards.
Now.
It's an,
it's like the anti image and it,
that's fucking amazing to me.
That's what I love about all this shit is that we're going above and beyond what
people treat as a people.
Uh,
people worshiped or idolized.
We're,
we're taking it to a different level and connecting on a much more intimate and
personal level.
Absolutely.
That's a really good point.
I think the idolization and the,
the,
the rockstar analogy is perfect because we always thought they could
do no wrong.
They are so perfect.
And we always thought like,
oh my God,
you're star struck when you meet them.
I can't,
I'm not worthy.
And then you realize somewhere along the line that that's just a person.
And when you are exposed to all a person's flaws and ups and downs and you
realize there's a,
there's a very empowering thing to other people about.
I love talking about when I was a loser.
I think it's really important.
I talk about like all the times I was a pussy or scared or I didn't have any
courage,
was social anxiety or you know,
just just really had no self esteem.
I think it's super important to talk about those times so that people can
realize like,
oh,
this isn't a guy who was successful always and always been confident and always,
he's different than me.
I can't relate to that kind of thinking.
No,
I used to get nervous talking to the bank teller.
I'd get tongue tied going to the bank,
you know,
especially when I was broken,
I was depositing a $50 check or something like that,
you know?
I'd get nervous.
I like legitimately nervous.
Yeah.
No,
I think that that's maybe one of the things is,
is as a rap artist,
people have connected to my shit because I all talk about,
you know,
my,
my insecurities are all become vulnerable and yeah,
I'm a rapper when that's not supposed to happen in rap.
Sure.
White rapper.
Yeah,
that too.
He got a little more flexibility there.
I know,
I know.
Yeah.
I think,
I think it's beautiful.
It's,
it's again,
like everything else,
it's sort of exposing things in a way that it's never been possible.
This is the Charlie Sheen one.
What does the Charlie Sheen
best known?
Demand.
Winning.
Check it out.
I'm Charlie Sheen.
Got Cocaine.
John Olsen did the whole thing.
I get to play.
I got five really listened to don is DNA.
Fuck a fuck.
Anybody with cancer?
Fuck Porn stars dance.
Would you call me an addict to not to smile.
Dream on punk bitch.
I'm the real Ricky wild thing bombed my lines.
Boulder.
It's the ninth inning.
You're by pull them by winning.
They get seven grand rocks.
Get my chest apart and you will see that I have three extra hearts to which 75
pounds.
Again,
your weapon knife,
the love go in here and when they're doing 75 pounds,
he get your Wednesday night.
That's love.
I got a sack of blood.
Charlie Sheen,
five foot nine with the hard on clean blink desires.
Any keyword aids is women had cocaine or people are great.
Okay.
Charlie Sheen.
Yes.
Especially now that he's Sorta like leveled out of psalm on Doctor Oz the other
day.
Am I getting,
might be time fuck doctor.
He was looking at how dare you?
No,
no,
no.
Let me hear.
Doctor Oz was going to have me on his show because uh,
his people enjoyed my pancake rap.
I also did an at chick filet rap when chick-fil-a had that whole anti gay thing,
whatever.
I did a rap video where I remade a chick fil a sandwich and use the recipe so
people didn't have to go to chick filet and support their hands like they
causes.
So they hit me up and they were like,
we love your food,
your food wraps.
We would love to have you on here to make like a strawberry banana smoothie or
something healthy and promote healthy eating and do like a cool fast rap and you
know,
we'll fly you out.
You'll do it for free because it's great exposure and you'll love it and you're
excited about this.
And I'm like,
okay,
yeah,
that's great.
So we book all this travel and get ready to do this.
And then they cancel it because of texts from Bennett.
And because they were just like,
we don't want to be affiliated with that.
And we'll explain texts from Bennett just texted one and it's fucking hilarious.
What,
why,
why do they have a problem with texts?
And I'm quoted on your book cover,
right?
Yeah.
It just says hilarious because I didn't hilarious.
That's what I say.
I just sent it again,
what's explain texts from Bennett to people and texts from Bennett is a blog
about my cousin who is a 17 year old crip wigger crip.
That's illiterate.
That sends me text messages that are accidentally genius.
Um,
and it's a real dude.
It's a real dude.
I wasn't even sure if it was a real dude.
Here's the thing about texts from Bennett is,
oh,
that's Mercedes.
That's his girlfriend.
Well Ben,
it just broke my Drake CD.
Can you borrow me?
Know the copy.
He says Drake color coordinates his outfit to match his bowl of fruit loops.
That's his girlfriend.
Your pull up,
pull up Ben and himself.
I hate my girlfriend was here.
These are all very soon I'll tell you.
Oh,
this is a
keep going.
I'll,
we'll find a good one.
Okay,
well listen,
the point is your,
your,
your cousin,
your cousin Bennet.
Yes.
Is he get a piece of all this?
Yes,
he does.
Yes.
W how do you,
how do you,
like what do you do with them?
Do you get them fucked up on mad dog?
2020 Tom.
Hey,
once you send me a text,
right.
We worked it out for my aunt,
his mother,
and we'd say we'd take care of,
I take care of his aunt instead of him.
Oh,
he worked it out with you that way.
I worked it out with him that way.
It was,
it was,
it was your,
your call.
It was willing to do that.
Yeah.
I don't have a choice.
So,
because here's the deal.
I said here,
I'm going to write a book about this blog that has blown up unbeknownst to you.
It's a real book.
So I'm going to right.
Well this is a real book that it came out on Tuesday and a novel.
It's a fucking novel.
It's it.
And it's Simon and Schuster released it.
It's in fucking bookstores right now.
Just came out and I got to tell the recount of recount the summer where they
came to live with me and a network,
which I can't say has expressed serious interest into optioning it.
And how gross is that statement?
You just went Hollywood on us.
I didn't mean no harm.
Cause expressed serious interest.
I'm sorry.
We're back in the Kevin Bacon moved.
Kevin make a movie about,
what was that movie called?
It's a great fucking movie.
Flatliners is it good?
Maybe?
No,
no,
that's not it.
So Kevin Bacon movie about Hollywood.
What does the ground,
nothing confidential.
Don't be stupid.
Just try to find it.
Kevin Bacon movie about Hollywood.
Yeah.
You should use two hands because I am,
and I can do it quicker than you don't edit changing cameras.
Oh,
you could stop that for a moment.
I can't find the name of it,
but it was a really good movie and it's the,
the movie where
Teri Hatcher look,
the hottest.
Teri Hatcher was so ridiculously hot back then that a girl that I was dating
actually got mad that I said she was hot,
which I always find to be the big picture.
Yes,
the big picture.
It's a great movie.
It's a great movie about Hollywood,
about how it's all,
and they would say that strong interest in optioning.
I didn't,
I didn't mean it like that.
It's like you're a director.
That's funny.
Mike,
our waiter as a director too,
aren't you Mike?
And like when he applies for a job as a server at a restaurant,
and it's like,
the idea is that everybody's trying to,
you know,
make it in show business,
but geriatric was so hot and that movie.
And,
uh,
someone said,
how hot was his check?
I go,
I go from a one to 10,
10 being Teri Hatcher in that movie and the,
what is it?
A big picture.
Like,
oh,
that's about as hot as a human being has ever been.
And my girlfriend goes,
fuck you.
You know,
whoa.
You want to pretend you're hotter than Teriyaki,
sir?
Go right ahead.
You know,
so in the book get mad at me.
She actually got mad at me.
I was like,
wow,
this one's not going to last.
The,
the book is,
is basically at,
it's about my cousin and his literate text messages,
but it goes above and beyond that and hardworking Kansas City rep or mass.
Holy Shit.
That was a problem.
And His name is Bennett.
Oh God.
Who wrote that?
Yeah,
I don't know him and his name is Ben should have approval of all that shit,
dude.
Yeah.
I wish I did those crack heads.
They get ahold of it and confuse the shit out of everything.
It's hilarious.
The Hay was quick.
The um,
the,
there's a Twitter handle for it too,
right?
Is it text from Venice?
Yeah.
It's texts from with note with no.
Oh,
Ben is still up on that.
The Twitter,
the thing that is,
it's big.
It's big on Tumbler.
Yeah.
Texts from Bennett.
How come there's no,
Oh,
uh,
not enough characters.
What?
Yeah.
Twitter wouldn't allow it.
Hmm.
It's way bigger on top.
I don't want to do a humble brag again.
It's too bigger presence on tumbler because it's just pictures of the text
messages.
I can't have a hard time filing year.
Oh,
tech's ass.
The ask from Bennett.
Oh,
did I fucked it up.
Techs from Bennett,
right?
Yeah.
Text from Bennett.
Oh,
I'm falling out.
Of course I am.
Yeah.
These are funny,
man.
They're really funny.
I didn't know that it was a real guy.
I thought you were just bullshitting first I thought this Bennett guy was like a
real guy and then I thought it was,
oh,
it's a character that someone created and then to hear you say that it's
actually your cousin.
What if your cousin dies?
Oh,
he will.
At some point.
I was like,
Shit.
My Dad says like,
you've got to keep your dad alive in order to keep that empire going.
Yeah,
I think that it's going to be done now because he,
he knows about it and only text messages me to ask if any girls have hit me up
to have sex with him.
He wants to kick groupies,
so that's hilarious.
It's probably,
it's probably done.
This book is kind of exiting that [inaudible] we're going to see if there's
other,
you know,
platforms I can put it on,
but it's pretty much done.
I've,
well that's awesome that you did the first thing.
All you,
that's the going to be most likely the best representation of this is what you
just did in this book.
So if anybody wants to buy it [inaudible] it's Simon and Schuster texts from
Bennett.
It's available on Amazon.
Is it?
Do you have an audio version of it and audible,
man,
I'm hoping that we get to do that.
Do you think that your,
your cousin would read it?
That would be in fingers crossed.
That would be the shit.
That would be so good.
I think it'd be,
I think it'd be bigger than than,
than this.
I think it'd be hilarious.
It would be the best.
Yeah.
If you could actually just get them to just only get him to read off all the
text and then you do all the stuff in between and that would be awesome.
Just give him a day's work.
Sit Down in a studio.
I would love fucked up in the next box or something.
Like,
no,
you don't want to distract him.
No,
no,
no.
It's always a gift.
Yeah.
You got to pay him.
He did it.
Jujitsu class ones.
Really?
Yeah.
What?
How,
how's The meth out?
16 year old.
It handles Jujutsu puked.
Yeah.
Quite quick.
That's the thing,
man.
Methods.
They have zero cardio.
They just can't have,
yeah.
Even if they're on Meth,
it gets,
um,
have you ever seen someone like a guy who thinks he's in shape and then they go
to Jujitsu class and watch?
Yeah.
It happens all the time.
It's amazing.
And it happens all the time.
That's sometimes me.
If I'm on the road for too long,
I'm like,
ah,
back in Jujitsu.
And then I'd get out there and,
and,
and my endurance is like,
like,
you know,
30% what it was.
Yeah.
It sucks.
Get yourself some shroom tech sport.
Sun Power you up.
I don't know what does that,
we'll get it.
I'll give you something before we leave.
This podcast is basically over,
but you're awesome.
You are to videos are awesome and I'm so happy that guys like you exist,
that you figured out a way to do this and you've put it all out there.
You've got a great message.
You're a cool motherfucker and much love and much success.
As much love and much respect man.
Thank you.
Follow him.
Follow him on Twitter.
Mack lethal on Twitter and texts are frm Bennet.
Uh,
is,
uh,
the,
the information that uh,
you can,
uh,
you can get if you want to be a one to read the tax.
If you want to buy the book,
it's available on Simon and Schuster.
And whenever this TV show thing manifests itself,
we'll have you back,
man.
Thank you man.
The fuck out of that as well.
All right.
Thank you everybody for tuning in.
Thanks to squarespace.com use the code word Joe and the number nine altogether,
Joe Nine and save yourself 20% for a limited time offer.
Thanks to [inaudible] dot com use the code Rogan and save 10% off any and all
supplements.
We'll be back tomorrow with the great and talented Duncan Trussell and then
Thursday with the wonderful and beautiful David Cho.
So we've got a fat week.
You fucking freaks.
Next week we've got Tom Segura.
We're going to get on the mat full tron.
We're going to expose the world to some,
uh,
some new bad motherfuckers that are on the rise and a much love,
love to everybody.
Thank you.
Everybody came out to the Ontario Improv.
Thank you everybody on Twitter and Facebook and all that shit and just keep
pushing out that love.
Folks.
Can I do one more thing?
Yes.
I have a Q and a at four 30 at some fucking bookstore in La and beautiful.
I,
I'll find out and tell people and I have a show tonight at whiskey a go,
go,
go.
Nice madness.
Yup.
Tonight,
tonight.
What time?
Uh,
probably like nine,
nine.
And might go,
I might go.
No Man,
let me find out what the fuck I have to do tonight.
That'd be awesome.
Shit just got crazy.
I just booked the Ontario Improv.
I'm,
I'm starting to do one of the things that happened with doing this TV show.
I haven't been doing as much standup as I should.
And uh,
I had one rusty set this weekend.
Saturday night late show soup.
Sorry.
Book Soup is what you,
the club is.
Yeah,
no,
that's the,
that's the bookstore.
Where's it at?
It's a,
where's it at Bradley?
Hold on,
hold on.
I'll find out books to book soup.
I'm going there right now doing a Q and a and signing books.
It's on a 88 one eight sunset boulevard,
West Hollywood,
California.
And the number is (310) 659-3110.
If you want to call them and say nice to rate me,
what's he going to do that?
Um,
so anyway,
the Ontario Improv,
I just booked it,
uh,
because I'm,
I'm trying to do way more stand up now.
I had a great fucking time in prayer.
Every show,
except the late show Saturday night was a little slippery.
So if you went to that show,
my apologies.
Some trying about an a bunch of new shit and sometimes it gets tangled up.
Um,
but I just booked Ontario Improv October 4th,
fifth,
and sixth for the weekend.
Uh,
Tommy Segura is going to be with me on the fourth and the fifth,
and then the sixth on a,
I don't know who I'm going to have book,
so it's,
it's pretty last minute.
So Ontario Improv,
it's all on my Twitter,
which is Joe Rogan.
And we'll see you guys tomorrow with the Duncan Trussell.
Uh,
that's it.
a big e and a hug and a kiss.
Say y'all ma.
Hmm.